 I'm just gonna let the tear drop because it's all natural.
 When you cry, it's natural from heat.
 (smooth jazz music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we welcome Action Bronson back to the hot seat.
 He's a rapper, TV host, chef,
 and New York Times bestselling author.
 You've of course known from his show
 Fuck That's Delicious.
 Only for Dolphins is his album coming soon
 and to hold you over this single,
 Latin Grammys is available now.
 Bam Bam, welcome back to the show.
 - Thank you very much, sir.
 It's so, I'm so happy to see you.
 - It's good to see you too.
 How are you feeling going into this?
 You've done this a time before,
 but are you feeling a little bit nervous?
 You feel like it's old hat?
 Where are you at?
 - Nah, everything is, it's always new hat for me.
 I like it.
 I had some jerk chicken earlier preparing myself.
 I ate a couple of habaneros.
 So I think I'm ready.
 I think.
 I've learned that you have to humble yourself
 in these situations.
 I love this label.
 It's a great label by the way.
 I like to buy hot sauces and all kinds of different,
 different paraphernalia by the labeling.
 - Yeah, it's kind of like,
 it's kind of like craft beer that way.
 - For sure.
 So I like the funkier the cover, the better.
 So I'll be using, I'm not gonna lie.
 I'll be using grilled chicken
 because I'm off the fried things.
 I'm gonna imagine crunch.
 (gentle music)
 I love that you can drink that.
 A lot's changed since I saw you last,
 but the most obvious thing just looking at you
 is this physical transformation
 that you've made over quarantine,
 losing close to a hundred pounds.
 I see you on Instagram doing dumbbell presses
 and flipping tires.
 Do you have specific powerlifting goals
 or is this all about making healthier lifestyle choices?
 - It's all about healthier lifestyle choices,
 but I like to use the exercises
 and the stuff that I like to train.
 Weights could get boring, you know,
 but when you flip a tire,
 you add a couple of different things,
 a circuit, you do something right after it.
 It's just a more fun and interactive way of training.
 And it's just crazy that I had a hundred pounds to lose
 in the first place and I'm still not where I wanna be,
 but that's my fault.
 I did that.
 - Your music video for Latin Grammys
 has that trademark throwback action Bronson appeal
 with these strongman competitions and retro footage.
 Who's your favorite strongman of all time, Phil Pfister?
 - Oh, Phil Pfister, he won that one year
 and he won every event.
 He's probably one of the only strongmen in history
 to win every single event.
 My favorite is Mariusz Pudzianowski.
 I study these men.
 This is something that I've loved since I was a child.
 It's something that always stays with you.
 It's like baseball cards.
 It's like playing Mortal Kombat,
 watching World's Strongest Man.
 This is how I know about the world.
 Jani Wirtenen,
 Yuka Ola, you know what I mean?
 Vasil Virastruk.
 This is beautiful.
 I like green hot sauces.
 You gotta get a good spread.
 It's like wine.
 You have to kind of aerate it, you know?
 You have to aerate it.
 You have to add a little air to it.
 - We'll see how long you can keep that going.
 - Yeah.
 Some tomatillo action in there.
 It's really good.
 - So on last week's episode, Adam Richman named you
 as the food guy with the most credibility within rap.
 And the thing that I've always loved
 about "Fuck That's Delicious" is it's a show
 that allows the fans, the viewers,
 to go on a trip with you
 to all these globe trotting adventures.
 Where have you had more memorable culinary experiences?
 Tokyo or Paris?
 - In Paris, I've done things where I've, you know,
 I was a headliner in front of 50,000 people in a park.
 And immediately I got off the stage
 and got into a cab because they didn't have my van ready
 for me and I had no time to waste.
 So I got in one of those very little egg cabs.
 I had a soup.
 Why?
 I'll tell you.
 Because I went to a three Michelin star restaurant
 called Epicure.
 It's brigade service.
 It's like old school French service.
 20 people coming, you know, you bring chickens inside
 of the stomach of a pig or some other shit like that.
 Very, very, very ancient menu, but unbelievable.
 - Which is the superior American food city in your opinion,
 New Orleans or Chicago?
 - Ooh, fuck.
 They're both a 10.
 They're both a 20.
 They're both places that you need to go immediately.
 I'm just so sorry that that one Hot Dugs is no longer there.
 You know, Hot Dugs was a legendary hot dog place in Chicago.
 People would wait five hours online for those things.
 And I got to taste every single one of them.
 Oh, what a treat.
 - I used to live a few blocks away from there.
 So I'd see the line out there all the time.
 You could get like a rattlesnake hot dog and stuff.
 - I had the forbidden one that was the foie gras.
 It was forbidden at a time.
 He wasn't allowed to serve it.
 So that with the duck sausage was very memorable.
 And it was like some sort of French sauce on there.
 One of those mother sauces or a derivative of.
 (soft music)
 - I like the viscosity of this one.
 It's a creeper.
 It's more sweet.
 You know that's the flavor of habanero right there.
 It gives you that sweet.
 And then that little creep.
 I like that.
 Lyrically, you get a lot of credit
 for your vivid food descriptions
 and obscure sports references.
 But one thing that goes a little bit under the radar
 is your clear and obvious love of film.
 From mix tapes inspired by Dr. Hannibal Lecter
 and blue chips to 90s classics getting name checked in rhyme.
 Are the Star Wars films overrated in your opinion?
 On Live From The Moon you rap,
 "Fuck Star Wars, Indiana Jones is better bitch."
 - It's true.
 It's true.
 I don't think I've ever.
 I mean, I have watched the Star Wars all the way through
 but it's a little bit too kiddy.
 I understand the realm and the mind
 that it took to create that.
 Yeah, I understand it.
 I get it.
 It's just not as riveting to me as Indiana Jones.
 You know, Indiana Jones is just better to me than Star Wars.
 In my world, it's a fact.
 - When you say, why the fuck would I have a bodyguard
 if I look just like the motherfucking bodyguard?
 Are you trying to say that you have some resemblance
 to Kevin Costner?
 (laughing)
 - That's really deep right there.
 Yes, as a matter of fact, I do.
 ♪ And I will ♪
 That's one of her best performances ever.
 No, but bodyguards, they're like fucking schlubs sometimes.
 I'm saying I look like this guy that we were with
 in Australia when we went on tour with Eminem.
 Like some fucking jacked up English guy that's low key.
 - And then finally, is someone who's namechecked
 Big Trouble in Little China
 and has a song called Sylvester Lundgren,
 is there a tough guy movie you suggest everyone watch
 during quarantine?
 - Yeah, only the strong survive.
 ♪ Parana way ♪
 ♪ Parana way ♪
 ♪ Parana ♪
 It's a movie about Capoeira and the dude, you know,
 it's like a school teacher and then he has to fight
 one of the students' uncles who's the drug dealer
 and he always wears like crazy cowboy boots and slacks
 and like a really tight shirt, you know, with a ponytail.
 - And the tale is old as time.
 - And they do Capoeira,
 which is like Brazilian dance fighting.
 I think that that's one of the best movies ever.
 Also, it's not a tough guy movie,
 but you should watch Side Out.
 You got a reaper on the cover and it's only number four?
 (soft music)
 - Hell yeah.
 - So on your white Bronco tour,
 you completed more than a dozen watercolor paintings
 on the theme of weirdos across the country.
 Are those based on real people?
 'Cause I swear I did see Ben Franklin in one of them.
 - Ha ha, yeah, that was actually Buffalo Bill.
 But yeah, definitely, I mean, went across this country
 and you see some creep shows and some amazing looks.
 You know, if you have a look, you have a look,
 you could be in a Calvin Klein thing,
 you could be in this type of thing, whatever.
 Those were near and dear to me.
 That was my first show I've ever done.
 Like art wise, I actually showed those
 at my man, Jeremy Fish's gallery in San Francisco,
 in North Beach.
 Yeah, man, that was fun.
 I sold a couple of them, I gave a couple away.
 Just good times.
 - What do you say to people who think that abstract art
 is just squiggly lines and paint splatters?
 - The way that you throw the splatter,
 the movement of your hand, the movement of your elbow,
 all these things could be deemed art
 if you capture it in the right way.
 It's, you know, it's all subjective.
 Anything that moves you is art.
 I like the color, I like the smell.
 Mm.
 Some sweetness.
 Mm.
 (upbeat music)
 Hell yeah.
 - We have a recurring segment on our show
 called Explain That Gram,
 where we do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So I'll show you the picture.
 - Tell me.
 - You just tell us the bigger story.
 Do you have a favorite memory
 from doing C.C. Sabathia's celebrity softball game
 at Yankee Stadium?
 - Wow.
 That's me.
 I don't even wanna say that.
 You know what I'm doing.
 Yes, I have tremendous memories from that.
 As a matter of fact, C.C. Sabathia,
 good friend of mine,
 is the one who got me hooked up
 with the guy who I train with now.
 He's the one who got me into the gym.
 So I--
 - Oh, that's awesome.
 - I accredit him with helping save my life, you know?
 I gave up a crazy home run to Andrew Jones.
 I got Gary Sheffield to pop out.
 I make a ridiculous athletic play off the mound,
 throw the ball sidearm to Mariano Rivera,
 who's playing first base.
 - Gary Sheffield with that stance,
 you know, staring down the barrel of that stance
 must've been something.
 - Yeah, it was.
 He had a cigar in his mouth
 and he was wearing jean shorts.
 - As a connoisseur of natural spirits,
 what's the appeal of natural wine to you?
 And then can you recommend some bottles
 for those of us who may be new to the game?
 - The appeal of natural wine is that
 it was explained to me in a poetic way.
 It was the introduction, to be honest with you.
 You know, I wasn't a big wine drinker.
 I don't like traditional wines.
 Even the biggest wines that are the most expensive,
 it's tainted because it has sulfites
 and different additives to elongate its life.
 Natural wine is exactly what it says, natural.
 People who make it are artists
 and their whole mind and life is all about
 making natural wine in its purest form,
 using nature only.
 Air, grape, ah, that's it.
 It's really the human factor.
 I love meeting the people.
 I love knowing the stories behind it.
 I love seeing the vineyards.
 You should just go to your natural wine spot.
 You should go to my man Discovery Wines in New York City,
 call him up, you know what I'm saying?
 Just be like, listen, Bronson told me to call you.
 I need some help.
 Ask for Trevor.
 Those were actually two bottles of natural sake.
 You have to get into it.
 You have to get a little conversation going,
 then dive into it.
 - All right, action, careful around the eyes.
 Are you ready to move on here?
 - Yeah, don't you worry.
 Don't you worry about these eyes.
 These eyes have seen some stuff, my friend.
 This one is a dark one.
 This is like that Henny.
 But you know, in hot sauces,
 they can always be just one note.
 Bland.
 But when you burn the chili,
 it gives it that earthiness, that nuttiness
 that I look for in a hot sauce and in life.
 - You can taste the fire in that one.
 - Mm-hmm.
 It immediately sets your hair on fire.
 - So you've always been a multifaceted entertainer,
 but I don't think even you could have predicted
 speaking roles in two of the year's
 most critically acclaimed films,
 "The Irishman" and "King of Staten Island."
 How would you compare the experience
 of working with Judd Apatow versus Martin Scorsese?
 They seem to be complete opposites
 in the way that they operate,
 but I'm sure that there are character traits
 that run through both.
 - Yeah, I mean, with Judd,
 it was just like comedy on the set, you know?
 Just like they would throw you some lines
 and you'd say some crazy stuff.
 You'd do it a couple of times,
 do it a couple of different ways and be crazy.
 Watch it back.
 There was a lot of people on set watching back,
 you know, while it was going on
 and laughing and they would really get,
 they would get a feel for everything
 from their friends and stuff like that,
 from the people that were around.
 As opposed to Marty,
 he just told me, "Go ahead, you got this."
 Gave me a hug, how was that?
 He directed me like I'd wanna be directed.
 And then De Niro, I fucked up a couple times.
 He goes, "Listen, kid, you're fucking everything up.
 What are you doing?"
 I thought he was serious.
 I was like, "Well, I'm sorry, man."
 He's like, "Ah, come here, you fucking asshole.
 I'm just joking with you."
 So that type of thing, that really, you know,
 boosted my confidence.
 I saw Pesci at the end, I almost cried.
 Just because I love my cousin Vinny that much.
 - It's one of your favorite movies of all time.
 - 100%, 100%.
 There's no doubt about it.
 And the irony of that is that Marisa Tomei was in
 King of the Satin Island.
 My dreams are fulfilled.
 Don't fucking cast me for anything ever again.
 I'm done.
 Thor's hammer.
 Mm.
 You know, it doesn't pack that much of a punch.
 It's nice, though.
 - Damn.
 - It's nice. - Salute.
 So I know that you're a big fan of Mick Foley,
 a guy who inhabited entire personas like Cactus Jack,
 Mankind, and Dude Love, like he was a Method actor.
 - 'Cause it's like Daniel Day Lewis.
 They take their shit real serious.
 They're not breaking their shit, you know?
 You know.
 I was scared of The Undertaker when I was a kid.
 Um.
 I'm just gonna let the tear drop because it's all natural.
 When you cry, it's natural from heat.
 It's your body's mechanism for cooling itself down.
 Randy Savage captured me because he was so intense.
 You know, with the wild antics and the wild talk,
 the way he (growls)
 He never broke it.
 That's who he was.
 That's a man's man right there.
 - All right, are you ready to move on?
 This next one is Da Bomb Beyond Insanity.
 I believe you've had this one before.
 - It has a fucking nuclear bomb on it.
 Ah, man.
 I can't wait to work out after this.
 I feel like I'm in a sauna, but a good one.
 You know, like an Arabic sauna.
 Gotta get a good dab on there.
 Don't be a fucking baby.
 All the hot ones have that initial, like,
 you wanna jump out the window flavor kinda, you know?
 - It's immediately repulsive.
 - Yeah, that was hot.
 That's burning my esophagus.
 - So I don't know if you've kept up with the headlines,
 but recently the Pentagon declassified footage
 of military encounters with unidentified aerial phenomena.
 As someone who was able to turn their passion
 of ancient aliens into a full-blown TV show,
 is there an archeological discovery
 or an unexplainable structure that fascinates you?
 - What I learned was when I was in Kosovo
 that they found something crazy over there.
 It's called the goddess on the,
 goddess on the throne.
 And it's this little alien-like subject
 that they just found.
 It's that they find it in every corner of the world.
 It's not, this world was one piece at one time, broken up.
 (screaming)
 Now, that's a creeper, huh?
 - Yeah, yeah, and it is relentless.
 - Just shake it out.
 (imitating alien sounds)
 (imitating alien sounds)
 - And I'd like to let them know that we're waiting for them.
 - All right, well hopefully they're watching this episode.
 - They are.
 - And Action, are you ready to move on to the next one?
 - I am.
 - The Monoloco out of Costa Rica.
 - Woo, I gotta fucking blow my nose real quick.
 I'll be right back.
 (soft music)
 Shit done got hotter.
 Woo.
 - Cheers.
 - Ooh, ah.
 Oh man, that fucking smells like pizza sauce.
 - Doesn't taste like pizza sauce.
 - No.
 - So I know that you're making healthier
 lifestyle choices these days,
 but do you have a recipe for the perfect
 Action Bronson quarantine sandwich?
 - I like turkey on my sandwich.
 So the other day I roasted up some turkey breast,
 paprika, a little garlic powder, black pepper, salt,
 rub it real good, a lot of olive oil,
 roasted in the oven at 400 for an hour and a half,
 two hours, and you have a beautiful specimen
 ready to work.
 Lay it with some of the juices,
 more olive oil, little more salt.
 A good Pullman bread, you know, like a good loaf.
 I don't know why this shit gives me a fucking lisp.
 What, is this supposed to give you a lisp?
 - I don't know, we're in uncharted territory.
 - All right, so yeah, black pepper mayo, nice.
 Shmear avocado on the other side.
 Sliced red onion, real thin.
 Turkey.
 Dress some greens with some olive oil
 and some lemon, a little salt.
 A roasted pepper, red, yellow, green, whatever.
 Some pickled jalapenos.
 Lime juice, a little oregano, and salt.
 Then cut it up real nice.
 No cheese, just like that.
 Trust me.
 My plate of hot sauce is art.
 - Looks like a Jackson Pollock from where I'm sitting.
 - It is.
 Cheers, my bro, thank you for having me back.
 - Cheers, action, thanks for coming back.
 - Of course.
 Last dab soaked.
 Little more for fucking good measure.
 Very Caribbean.
 All right, Action Bronson, here we are at the conclusion
 of your Hot Ones sequel, and we've touched
 on your many talents and interests,
 but one thing that we've missed is Billy Joel.
 He's sneakily one of the most beloved artists in hip hop,
 and I love that story about you and Mark Bronson
 sending that handwritten note to Billy Joel
 so that he'd clear the sample for Zanzibar
 on your song Brand New Car.
 In as much detail as possible,
 while you're smoked out in more ways than one,
 why is Billy Joel, in your words,
 the greatest lyricist ever?
 - Well, listen, you know, I have had a change
 of heart recently, not recently,
 but the motherfucker played games with me, man.
 He was supposed to bring me out at Madison Square Garden.
 He was gonna do Zanzibar and then go into my song.
 They contacted my people.
 This is all guaranteed, and this is all facts.
 I went on Boomer and Carton in the morning.
 It's a New York City fucking radio show, sports show,
 and I was so excited I mentioned it,
 and what do you think happened?
 - They pulled the offer.
 - They pulled the fucking rug from right under me.
 How do you think I feel about Billy Joel now?
 - I haven't listened to him since.
 - You feel spurned.
 - I do.
 - Like you just ate a wing with the bomb on it.
 That's probably how it feels.
 - No, but obviously he's an amazing lyricist, man.
 You can never discredit his lyricism.
 You know, he brings you to a place of familiarity.
 We've all been to certain places that he's taken us,
 you know, that's why he's who he is.
 - Under the hottest hot sauces under the sun,
 Bronson, cool, calm, collected the second time around.
 And now my friend, there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you, Action Bronson.
 This camera or possibly a camera B if you've set one up,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Shit.
 I have so many things going on in my life.
 I just had a baby.
 I just lost so much weight.
 I'm working out like you can't believe.
 The tenacity that I show in the gym is beyond.
 I have a new album coming out called Only for Dolphins.
 New single out right now called Latin Grammys.
 I made a cologne.
 I have an ice cream that's coming out
 called Only for Dolphins.
 I also have a wooden toy that's self-sustainable
 and good for the earth.
 I also have all kinds of other products
 that I'm not gonna just keep mentioning.
 I paint, I'm gonna have an art show soon.
 I'm just happy now.
 I love everybody, Sean, you're the best.
 Thank you again for having me.
 Hot Ones, familia, por vida.
 You already know, ese, for life.
 I wish I had a tank top on
 so I could show you these fucking guns.
 I like, this was still my favorite flavor.
 That last dab reminded me of the jerk that I made earlier.
 It was really good.
 It had some nice allspice notes in there, Caribbean.
 So there might not even be allspice in there.
 Maybe I'm just fucking lying.
 But I'll tell you this, this is a really great array.
 This is a good diverse bunch of hot sauces
 to really take it up someone's ass.
 Hey, what's going on Hot Ones fans?
 This is Sean Evans checking in with One Camera Guy.
 How you doing, Steven?
 You good?
 - Good.
 - Steven's good.
 There's no one else in this building
 except for the two of us.
 It is locked down over here, but you know what?
 The Pepperdome is open for all new episodes
 of Hot Ones, the game show, Tuesdays on TruTV.
 The Pepperdome, see you there if you dare.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
