 Oh, the whole surface of my hand, the whole surface.
 Oh, this is so not funny.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hey, what's going on, everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans,
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today, we welcome Adam Richman back to the hot seat.
 He's the travel channel legend you know from shows
 like "Man vs. Food" and the best-selling books,
 "America the Edible" and "Straight Up Tasty."
 These days, you can catch him on UK TV's "Supperman"
 and the "Adam Richman's Quest for the Best" YouTube channel.
 Adam Richman, welcome back to the show.
 What's going on, buddy?
 Good to see you.
 Good to see you, too.
 And you know, you've taken on some of the spiciest
 challenges in the world, including Hot Ones,
 a time before.
 Is it like riding a bike, or are you feeling some trepidation
 coming in here?
 No, like some of these sauces are like riding
 a bike without a seat.
 It's tough.
 And in fact, I want to let everybody know, that last dab,
 I thought I could just use like a little bit
 because the one that we did was really flavorful.
 This newest one was like, that'll take paint off your house.
 So I am legit terrified about this season's last dab,
 this joint right here.
 Oh, boy.
 Scary.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, the classic.
 How much is like the amount you say to add, Sean?
 Well, you know, in these quarantine episodes,
 guests have been just dumping sauce all over the wing.
 So my only piece of advice is for the love of God,
 be careful.
 OK, I respect that.
 Oh, Jesus Christ.
 Well, this one's now going to be a component
 in all the rest of the wings.
 OK.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 We're getting slathery, people.
 We're slathered.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 So the pandemic has been a monumental challenge
 for pretty much every sector, but especially
 the hospitality industry, which has not only
 had to fight to survive, but also serve as de
 facto public health officials trying
 to figure out how to reopen.
 As someone who understands the restaurant business better
 than most, are there things that stand out to you
 that maybe the public doesn't fully
 understand when it comes to the problems facing restaurants
 right now?
 I think that people don't realize how many factors go
 into the restaurant.
 They think that, you know, the point of sale
 is where the restaurant experience kind of begins
 and ends, but it starts at the supply chain.
 There was an issue in upstate New York
 where farmers were used to restaurants buying
 their produce, buying in bulk, and then
 suddenly, you know, things go to waste.
 So there's a lot, and the restaurant owners
 are really up against it.
 And so any initiative you can find
 to help the hospitality workers, I say go for it.
 And then this next question is not
 so much about picking favorites, but more
 about supporting indie restaurants in general.
 As a Brooklyn OG, are there three iconic Brooklyn
 establishments that you think need
 to be protected at all costs because
 of their cultural significance?
 Can I get five?
 Can I get five?
 Sean, I know I did this with you with my hip hop Mount Rushmore,
 and I'm always like, give this guy a foot.
 Takes a mile.
 But I'm going to say Brennan and Carr, the roast beef spot,
 are no stranger than you.
 Randazzo's, the best calamar on Emmons Avenue.
 Junior's, Junior's Cheesecakes, you
 got to protect Spumoni Gardens and Nathan's.
 I'm feeling very, very good, which
 means that by the time I hit the sauces at this end,
 I'm in very big trouble.
 Also really good.
 Sour.
 It's almost like a pickle juice vibe.
 I'm into it.
 So last time you were on the show,
 we talked about some of the obvious parallels
 between Man vs. Food and Hot Ones,
 but what's been even more fascinating to me
 is the way the Adam Richman name has
 been woven through the fabric of Hot Ones in the time since.
 As an Anglophile, how big a deal was it for you
 that Noel Gallagher gave you a cosine?
 That's not a guy who hands out compliments very easily.
 That was-- and then you were kind enough.
 Thank you.
 It meant a lot that you were like, shout out Adam Richman.
 He's a friend of mine.
 And I remember he goes, easy.
 Oh, the fuck it, dude.
 And like, What's the Story Morning Glory
 was a huge album for me personally.
 So the fact that you exist in the consciousness of the mind
 of someone who's affected your life so profoundly, just--
 I don't know.
 I was chuffed to bits.
 I was really proud.
 And I have to say, the fact that he sort of--
 it's unfortunate he maybe threw shade on the reboot,
 but the fact that he was more with my version of MVF
 than the new one meant a lot to me too.
 Especially because Man Vs. Food was such a personal project
 for me that the notion of someone else doing it kind of
 hurts sometimes.
 Hey, I understand what you're saying exactly.
 When Complex inevitably replaces me with like Peter Rosenberger
 or some shit, I'm going to be dancing on the grave too.
 Come on, man.
 I'm going to be-- and I started band with my imaginary Mancunian
 brother.
 I'm going to come on and go, yeah, I don't really
 care for the new guy.
 No respect.
 You know, just respect whoever you are.
 But--
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Mm.
 Habanero's the one that always wakes you up a little bit,
 though.
 And yeah, you're not just having a meal with your buddy Sean.
 Dude, you're doing an episode of Hot Ones.
 Habanero's always the one that's like, hi, remember me?
 See you in a little bit with that hickory ho.
 From a culinary perspective, is the food in British soccer
 stadiums ahead or behind what they serve here
 in the United States?
 It's very much behind.
 I think the dining sensibilities of an American sports goer
 and the dining sensibilities of the average football fan
 are a little different.
 Because when it's like pie and chips or like burgers
 and stuff like that, it's really all that's wanted,
 maybe fish and chips.
 Oh, the drool is coming.
 The drool is coming.
 In America, we have restaurateurs
 curating everything.
 We've got the Danny Myers of the world.
 I went to see a ballgame in San Francisco,
 and they have hydroponic herbs growing.
 Denmark's national soccer team houses the world's only stadium
 restaurant that has a Michelin star.
 It's called Geranium, and it dishes out New Nordic cuisine.
 What do you think about that?
 Is that visionary or is that pretentious?
 I think-- it's a great question.
 I think if it brings in new fans to the game, it's visionary.
 If it's just like, oh my god, this place is so elite
 and so whatever, and ignoring the match,
 then I feel it's like pretense.
 But when you have great players like Christian Eriksen,
 who's like a once in a life, once a generation type player,
 why would you-- why would you piss off an opportunity
 to see him play, you know?
 All right, hotter than ill.
 I will say, once again, shouts to hot ones in first we feast.
 These are like all flavor and then the heat.
 And like the flavor on that's really, really, really good.
 But now that one's like a lower heat.
 That one's sort of like right in here.
 Ironically enough, it's right below the skull.
 Woo-hoo.
 You know how a Noel Gallagher compliment
 means more because it's coming from Noel Gallagher?
 A hot sauce curation compliment from Adam Richman
 means more because it's coming from Adam Richman.
 Shonevitz, the fucking dude.
 So in 2019, you took part in History Channel's
 nonfiction miniseries, The Food That Built America,
 which highlighted the food barons and empire builders
 that, for better or worse, shaped the way our country eats.
 Is there a historical event or movement
 that you think disproportionately affected
 the way Americans eat today?
 That's a great question.
 I think to a degree, World War II, because you had canning,
 was so prevalent for rations.
 Famously in Cleveland, Chef Hector Boyardee--
 yes, Chef Boyardee-- whose facilities had gone initially
 canning sea rats for military, suddenly
 was using it to make canned shelf-stable pasta.
 And little known fact, Cheetos, the way those were created,
 the guy bought for a song powdered cheese from the army.
 When the war ended, they had an abundance
 of this powdered cheese.
 So he made an extruded puffed corn snack
 and then tossed it in government powdered cheese.
 So I think that the rapid industrialization of the World
 War II era and I think the surplus of canning, shipping
 lanes, even things like powdered cheese,
 I think is a pretty big thing.
 But also, I got to tell you, I think
 this quarantine is going to change a whole lot of things.
 I think as people move out of urban centers, people like--
 I'm growing-- I have a garden now.
 People growing their own thing, baking their own bread.
 I think shit's going to be very different.
 You know it's good because it's got the logo on it.
 It's very tasty.
 You guys did a great job.
 It's really good.
 Thank you, Adam.
 It's like a Caribbean one.
 All right, Adam, as you're acutely aware,
 we have a recurring segment on our show called Explain That
 Gram, where we do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 I'll keep my answers short this time.
 What was it like chatting about motorcycles with Keanu Reeves?
 Whoa, whoa, so cool.
 He was incredibly kind and incredibly sweet.
 And he liked my jokes about comparing his bikes to Voltron
 and asking if he was a fan of Eero Saarinen's architecture
 because of the lines of the bike.
 And literally, he would do things like I was saying,
 because your bike reminds me of Eero Saarinen.
 And he would turn around, look at me, and look away and go,
 architecture.
 It was so dope.
 But he was really lovely.
 And he was really patient.
 And then I think people were like taking
 advantage with the pictures.
 And he was like, hasta la pasta.
 Why was meeting Jeff Goldblum one of the best days
 of your life?
 Oh, yeah, Sean.
 Oh, mm.
 No, he is the shit.
 I did a lot of research on him.
 So when I was walking off stage--
 I'll never forget this--
 I had checked my mise en place, made sure the stove was good.
 I came down off the stage.
 And there's Jeff Goldblum coming up.
 He goes, oh, if it isn't the famous Adam Richman.
 And I went, if it isn't 412's finest,
 which is Pittsburgh's area code.
 I go, if this isn't 412's finest.
 He goes, oh, 412.
 Mm, Pittsburgh, yes, yes.
 And he couldn't be warmer, couldn't be nicer,
 said take my number, responds to my text.
 And ironically enough, I don't know if you
 can see it in this camera, but that right there.
 It's not like I had a gang tattoo removed
 from my former gang career.
 That is a burn that I sustained during that cooking demo
 because someone had turned the heat up.
 And I refer to it as my Jeff Goldblum tattoo.
 So he references it in the texts he sends me and stuff.
 But a nicer guy there is none.
 An unbelievable piano player.
 And the guy's got fashion sense to burn, to burn best.
 I still talk about it, like what an honor
 it was to give you your very well-deserved Webby
 Award, and ironically enough, subsequent to your well-deserved
 win.
 You know, because think about it.
 You were winning on the same night as Hasan Minhaj and Issa
 Ray and Desus and Mero.
 That was a nice night.
 And you were very sweet.
 You were very sweet to give the speech, Adam.
 I appreciated it.
 I was honored to do it.
 And it was funny.
 I've become somewhat friendly with the kid Mero.
 And I told him, I said, I was backstage to give your award.
 And there's Michael Douglas and stuff.
 And you know, fucking Gordon Gekko.
 And I'm like, it's the Bodega Boys.
 That night was amazing.
 And then I got to meet the great Tierra Whack,
 which I-- no complaints.
 OK.
 This is Seafire Gourmet.
 Seafire come out of my ass.
 Who thinks I'm sexy now?
 All right.
 Oh, boy.
 Yeah, things are changing around here.
 So since the travel channel and Food Network
 wave that you were a part of, there's
 been an absolute explosion in food programming
 from celebrities launching their own YouTube channels
 to shows like Ugly Delicious and Salt, Fat, Acid, Heat
 trending on Netflix.
 As an OG in the space, what excites you
 about the current landscape of food entertainment?
 And what makes you want to roll your eyes?
 OK.
 I want to be able to talk.
 This is like the first time I'm legitimately like--
 how many more do I have left?
 Three.
 This one's rough, Sean.
 I ain't going to play.
 I'm trying to think too much milk like a little bitch.
 OK, what excites me?
 To me, I've always felt that if food
 becomes the domain of the well-heeled, the hyper-educated,
 then we're all kind of hopelessly screwed.
 Action Bronson doing Fuck That's Delicious,
 the great Raina Scully who's on First We Feast doing Gochi Gang.
 Having new voices provides different access points.
 You bring a new audience in.
 If you get someone that lives in Washington Heights that's
 of Dominican or Puerto Rican descent,
 seeing Raina breaking down tonkatsu and the intricacies
 and the wonderfulness of Japanese flavors that
 can be found in Manhattan, and it makes this person expand
 their culinary horizons, dope.
 And especially if it's done in the way that Raina does it
 and the way that action does it where it's fun
 and it's a celebration.
 What makes me roll my eyes is when
 it's this rich person or this influencer
 is now just trying to diversify their platform.
 I'm known for makeup tutorials, but I also really love food.
 Oh, the whole surface of my hand, the whole surface.
 Oh, this is so not right.
 Oh.
 Oh, this is such a bad idea.
 Yeah.
 That's a lot.
 That's-- that's a lot.
 Is that too much?
 Well, you told me--
 You've been saying that people have been drenching it.
 I want people to be like, yo, Adam Rich was a little bitch.
 Yeah, yeah, but we've-- but I feel like it's been too--
 [EXPLOSION]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 So urban gardening has been a la mode in recent years.
 And in these quarantine times, having that outdoor space,
 it's really a premium.
 And it seems like you've been really embracing
 the green thumb these days.
 What are you growing in your garden?
 I'm growing basil, two kinds of basil, spearmint
 and peppermint, oregano, rosemary, jalapeno peppers,
 which I'm going to--
 I'm going to burn every single one of them when this is finished.
 Man, this is a shit show right here right now.
 Ooh, it's a Deante Wilder, just like teed up.
 Actually, more like--
 what-- uh-- whoo.
 Like--
 There are a lot of bizarre do-it-yourself gardening tips
 that rank from, you know, giving seedlings
 a spot of chamomile tea to prevent fungi
 or leaving a can of beer out to attract slugs away
 from the plants.
 Are you doing anything outside the box with your garden?
 It may be a little fucked up, but I think
 it's actually quite holistic.
 I found a dead bird in my garden,
 and I felt I was, like, traumatized by it.
 Like, I felt horrible that it had happened.
 And I dug up one of the pots, and I had just
 gotten a bunch of bulbs.
 My mom and I actually gave it a little bit of a bird funeral
 over FaceTime.
 I planted soil and fertilizer over it and put the bulbs in.
 And I must say, those plants, those flowers,
 are growing at an exponential rate to everything else.
 Hoo, boy.
 Oh, man.
 Is this the same shit that we had the last time?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Be careful with that one, Adam.
 Isn't this the one that, like, Neil deGrasse Tyson was like,
 this one's bad.
 This one-- there are so many experiences on this one.
 Well, you know what?
 Neil deGrasse Tyson knows what he's
 talking about with that one.
 Be very careful, Adam.
 I remember this one.
 This was the one that I was just like, this has no flavor.
 This is just penance.
 Oh, fuck.
 All right, whatever.
 I'm in it.
 I'm in it.
 Here we go.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 Oh, god damn it.
 That was a lot.
 So you've cooked with E-40.
 You've cooked with Mike D. And you
 understand the cooking bona fides of people like Action
 Bronson and Trick Daddy.
 Which rapper do you think has the best real deal
 chops in the kitchen?
 That's a great question.
 Probably Action, though, because he was an actual chef.
 And he's got a lot of culinary experience.
 He has a cookbook.
 And he also picks up on a lot of details as he travels.
 Oh, wow.
 That one's really shit after the other ones.
 Oh, man.
 Action, he's aware of things like you
 need to put a cork in with the octopus
 because it works enzymatically to tenderize it.
 Little things like that might escape someone
 that isn't a culinarian's eye.
 Oh, that was really bad, dude.
 A hot debate throughout the history of First We Feast
 has always been about the best rap food lyrics.
 I know your brain's on fire right now
 and your mouth is ablaze.
 But under these conditions, are there
 any that stand out to you as especially excellent?
 Me and Eric B are a great big plate of fish,
 which is my favorite dish.
 But without money is still a wish.
 That one is the first one to come to mind.
 I would say--
 gosh, oh, wait a minute.
 Oh, my favorite one, Lil Wayne.
 Real G's moving silence like lasagna.
 The Beastie Boys.
 I went to White Castle and I got thrown out.
 White Castle burgers only come in one size.
 Do you remember that guy Gerardo?
 Gerardo?
 Yeah, he had that one song, Rico.
 Suave.
 He was an actor in the movie Colors.
 He's the guy who shoots Robert Duvall at the end.
 He has a terrible lyric in that song.
 It's like, no woman that can handle a man like me.
 I eat him raw like sushi.
 And I'm very mad at myself that that has somehow
 occupied space in my brain.
 I don't like that at all.
 [SIGHS]
 Oh, shit.
 I didn't realize this shit came out like that.
 Is that too much?
 Yes, every wing for you is too much.
 But then at the same time, you're Adam Richman.
 So there's--
 Fair enough.
 Yeah, I got a reputation to protect.
 You know, and to me, I always take on sort of like a guardian
 role when it comes to hot ones with celebrities.
 Like, I never want anybody to get hurt necessarily.
 So I'm always trying to protect them.
 But I guess with you, I should just witness greatness.
 Yeah, OK.
 But you're pushing the envelope.
 Oh.
 So one of my favorite Adam Richman fun facts
 is that you graduated from the Yale School of Drama
 and actually had a little bit of a short-lived acting career
 before you broke through on Travel Channel.
 Between appearances on Law & Order, All My Children,
 and Joan of Arcadia, which particular performance
 are you most proud of from an acting perspective?
 Joan of Arcadia.
 And the character was Butcher God.
 So I was a butcher at the supermarket.
 And I was God.
 And so very often, you know, if you have an under-five role
 on a show, you're very seldom talking
 to a principal character.
 But if you are, you have two lines.
 But I had a scene with Amber Tamlin.
 For somebody who had just come out of school,
 it was just like super validating.
 In the end, who won, man or food?
 I think the diversity of the fact that I'm still here
 and been able to sustain a career in food television
 for 11 years after making my name with like eight pound
 burgers and seven pound burritos and stuff
 and being able to show I could do more than that, you know,
 I feel much like Khaled.
 All I do is win, win, win, no matter what.
 By the way, I'm really upset with myself
 for not calling out collard greens for my rap
 lyric with Kendrick.
 OK.
 Too much for a last dab?
 For all my fans and for Hot Ones fans
 that enjoy seeing me in pain.
 And I know you're a great interviewer.
 You know, again, our friendship aside,
 I've always appreciate your talent.
 So whatever you ask me, I really want
 to be able to make a proper asshole of myself during it.
 Cheers, my man.
 Thanks for the joke, bro.
 Appreciate the technique.
 OK, Adam Richman, here we are at the end of your Hot Ones sequel.
 And we've explored your polymath sensibilities over nine wings.
 And we just have one more to go.
 And to close things out, what we want to do
 is combine your deep food expertise
 with a bit of Hot Ones history.
 You were one of our first famous fans,
 and then now you're a fan favorite.
 And me sitting over here, I've heard a lot of crazy shit
 from the other side of the table when it comes to food and takes.
 So what I want to do here is bounce
 some of the craziest food takes that I've ever
 heard while doing interviews on Hot Ones
 to get the perspective from Adam Richman himself.
 So we're coming full circle here.
 I'm going to have to let out the quarantine long hair
 don't care vibes.
 All right.
 All right, on the topic of burritos,
 just last week T-Pain said, if you eat a burrito sideways,
 it turns into a taco eventually.
 It's a great theory.
 And it sounds like it's a good bumper sticker.
 But like maybe if you ate it like a corn on the cob,
 like typewriter style.
 My nose is on fucking fire, by the way.
 But like if you went cart-- like maybe it's like a little bit
 of like a dough canoe.
 Host Malone gave the nod to Whataburger over In-N-Out saying,
 please, bro, In-N-Out is like a frilly little patty.
 I need something with some hair on its chest, 'cause.
 Animal style or not, I just can't fuck with their fries.
 But their burgers are outstanding.
 And I got to think, like, one--
 and this musical-- profound musical talent aside,
 you need to check yourself a little bit,
 because you are taking a lot of advice from a guy
 with a lot of face tattoos.
 All right, despite being from Staten Island,
 Pete Davidson claimed that L&B in Brooklyn
 is the best pizza in New York.
 It's the best Sicilian slice.
 I'll say that.
 If you want-- oh.
 Whew.
 Sorry, I just got that little lava drip.
 But also, Staten Island, there's that place
 that he works in, in King of Staten Island,
 Denino's, that's supposed to be pretty good.
 And they're a great restaurant, too.
 The best in all of the city within Sicily, and I'll say yes.
 But there are other great pizzas.
 Well, there you have it, the final word from Adam Richman.
 And look at you, you champion, taking down the wings of death.
 Please let me do the honor of rolling out the red carpet
 for you, my friend.
 This camera, or possibly a camera B if you've set one up,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 Thank you, Sean, always a great time being here.
 Thank you to Chris.
 Thank you to everyone at Complex and First Free Feast.
 You guys have always treated me with lots of love and respect.
 And to the viewers there, to everyone
 who ranks these Hot Ones episodes,
 I better make the fucking top 10.
 And whoever handles the social media account,
 I was super bummed I didn't make that
 whole cafeteria meme.
 Brett Baker, Brett Baker, he's coming for you.
 Broke my heart.
 I have a brand new YouTube channel, Adam Richman's Quest
 for the Best.
 The first series is the biscuit reviews from an American
 that you didn't even ask for, where I review
 British biscuits, biscuits from around the world actually,
 and take them through a dunk test.
 Also, Catch History channel.
 And for those of you in the UK, Adam Richman's Superman
 will be airing on Dave and my brand new series, which
 will be shooting hopefully in November.
 If all goes well, if all y'all wear masks,
 it is called American Made.
 And that's also on the History channel.
 Great job, Adam.
 Great job.
 Thank you, buddy.
 Right now, I'm probably going to just have a really,
 really rough night and be very grateful for moist, moist
 towelettes.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 What is up, camp fam?
 'Tis I, the Empire Guy Bill, for another heatin'
 this Hot Ones unboxing video.
 Let's see what's inside.
 Ooh, a sticker.
 Perfect for decorating one's coffin.
 Ha, ha, ha.
 And what's this?
 Hot Ones classic blue label.
 Garlic Fresno edition.
 Now with 10 ha, ha, ha times more garlic, I can do this.
 I can do this.
 Can we cut?
 I can do this.
 Do you see the problem with me doing this?
 Sound guy, do you see the problem?
 I'm a vampire, and it's garlic.
 You can do this, Vampire Guy Bill.
 You can do this.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hey, that's delicious.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hot Ones classic garlic Fresno sauce.
 So good, even a vampire will try it.
 Only at heatinus.com.
 (music ends)
