 Don't cut the cameras off. This is A1 content.
 This is what this is all about.
 Hey, what's going on, everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans, and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Andrew Callahan.
 He's a journalist you know best from his work on Channel 5 News,
 which ranges from gonzo profiles of Florida man folk heroes
 to boots on the ground field pieces and war-torn Ukraine.
 I'm a Channel 5 News subscriber.
 I definitely recommend you check it out.
 But first things first, the wings of death.
 Andrew Callahan, welcome to the show.
 Thank you so much, man. I'm a huge fan.
 - Whoa, all right. - It's an honor to be on here.
 How are you around spicy food before we...
 I'm not a spice guy.
 I'm not a scared guy.
 I'm not too frightened of the spicy wings,
 but when I think about level five, level six, that might be my KO.
 (DRAMATIC MUSIC)
 So we start from the left, right? This is level one over here.
 - Ooh. - 'Cause if I fuck this up...
 Yeah, yeah. Can we say the F word on this show?
 - Yep, you can let it fly. - If I fuck this up, then...
 - But you were about to fuck that up. - That's level ten.
 Yeah, you actually do start on the other side.
 - Okay, cool. - At the handle.
 (MUSIC CONTINUES)
 I ate the whole thing.
 - I saw that. - Yeah.
 Sight to behold.
 Yeah, did you see that?
 - I see... - You guys see that?
 - I witnessed it live. - It's open.
 I eat the juicy bone marrow off the end of it.
 I'm ready.
 So Man on the Street, like the interview,
 it's a timeless conceit that seems to constantly evolve
 with the changing times and platforms.
 In your approach, it's birthed an entire genre
 of these kind of meme-bait, on-location,
 Man on the Street-style interview shows.
 - Yeah. - When you see the imitations,
 what are the things that you watch
 that make you proud to have blazed that trail?
 And then what are the things that annoy you the most when you see them?
 Well, I mean, like, the first thing I want to say is that
 when I see imitation channels,
 like, I try to avoid being the salty old guy.
 - 'Cause I'm only 25. - Same with me.
 I'm only 25 years old.
 Like, I'm sure there's people that are interviewing
 other people with hot wings and such.
 But I get really stoked when other countries do it.
 Like, there's this show called Shibuya Confessions,
 which is pretty much modeled directly off my original quarter confession series
 in New Orleans that I used to do on Bourbon Street.
 It's, like, so funny.
 It's like this dude speaking Japanese in Shibuya, in Tokyo,
 like, interviewing drunk partygoers at, like, two o'clock in the morning
 in full Japanese, like, drunk old men singing karaoke late night.
 That's hilarious.
 When people do, like, ultra meme bait, like, screaming mouth zooms
 with just, like, not much substance to it,
 and they just try to get people to scream incoherently,
 that kind of bums me out.
 So when I see, you know, I'm not going to call anybody out,
 but certain successful other shows,
 I feel like are a little bit more exploitative.
 Yeah.
 It's not even spicy, bro.
 Level two already talking shit.
 Yeah.
 I'm struggling with eating the wing itself.
 It doesn't look like you're struggling.
 It looks like, you know, you're putting on an exhibition,
 putting on a show with eating wings.
 That's how it looks.
 All right, good.
 Andrew, a showman.
 That's what I do, man.
 So sometimes we joke about the set, the Hot Ones set,
 being like a relic from an '80s cable access show.
 Right.
 Do you have any thoughts or guiding philosophy
 when it comes to aesthetic and how it plays into the interview medium?
 Just as low effort as possible.
 That's what they did best with like the public access '80s days.
 It's like, don't use after effects.
 Don't even think about it.
 You know, eye movie transitions go pretty hard.
 Just crash zooms, cross dissolves, fade to black, dip to white.
 You know, just get to that next frame by any means.
 Explosions and fireballs being a segue
 between two very different plot points.
 All right, well, we'll put Colin on that.
 We'll do some sort of explosion.
 That's what I'm all about.
 Fireballs.
 It spices up everything.
 Even level two.
 From Oaxaca.
 Mm-hmm.
 Okay.
 So there are all these different approaches to taking a camera,
 pointing it at the rawness of humanity and exposing it warts and all.
 What would you say distinguishes someone like Sacha Baron Cohen
 from someone like Louis Theroux?
 And then where do you think you fall on that spectrum?
 Well, Louis Theroux is a big inspiration
 because he follows what I call like radical listening,
 which is just approach a situation as open-minded as possible
 and just agree with the interviewer subtly,
 like a toddler, called the toddler nod.
 It's like...
 You're not like, "Yes, you're so right, brother,"
 but you're just like letting it build.
 I think Sacha Baron Cohen's more of like a straight-up prankster.
 They're both masters of their respective crafts,
 but Louis Theroux is the biggest inspiration to me
 because he's just so open-minded and caring
 and just trying to empathize and connect with whoever he can,
 even if it's like someone super far out there.
 Yeah, Louis is a G for that.
 As someone who's explored so many fringe subcultures and groups,
 is there one in particular that stands out to you
 as being the most misrepresented or misunderstood by the rest of us?
 Yeah, I think the furries are very misrepresented and misunderstood.
 All right, I'm on the edge of my seat.
 They're a kind, very empathetic group of people.
 You know what I mean?
 A lot of them are on the spectrum,
 struggle with various identity issues,
 and the fursuit allows them to sort of revert to that like playful childhood vibe
 where they can just interact with people without having to make eye contact
 because the fursuit covers that.
 Because when I went to the Midwest Fur Fest in Rosemont, Illinois,
 convention center, baby.
 There we go, right off the blue line.
 Yeah, you know what I'm talking about.
 So when I first went there, I was asking more sexual furry questions
 because I didn't know what to expect.
 And this furry pulled me aside and he's like,
 "Yo, that's not what this is about.
 This is about love and respect and having good fursuits
 and holding each other down."
 Then boom, I was like, "All right, furry gang."
 Have you met a furry before?
 No, I've never met a furry.
 But if they do that annually in Rosemont, I got to check it out.
 I got to go back home and check it out.
 You should get a fursuit of your own.
 Cost about $3,700.
 Well, that's all right.
 Dom, make it a line item.
 Yeah.
 I'm glad this one's a flat.
 Got to eat the whole thing.
 I know.
 Can't tap out.
 Not a spice guy, but just crushing the whole wing,
 taking it down to the bone marrow and all.
 Yeah, because one day my grandkids are going to see this
 and wonder what Grampy Andrew could handle.
 I got to set a good example for those kids.
 So you have a fascinating origin story, more or less deciding on a whim
 to quit your job and hitchhike across the country for 70 straight days
 without much of a plan or goal or anything.
 Did you have any sort of heroin, "Oh my God, my life might be in danger"
 when you think about the bus stations and CD motels
 that you spent so many hours in?
 Yeah.
 My first ride ever, which was from an Arco gas station in Crowley, Louisiana
 to Houston, I was mistaken for a lot lizard.
 Are you familiar with that term?
 Is that like a prostitute thing?
 It's a semi-derogatory trucker term for someone who hangs out
 in a large trucker parking lot and solicits services to truckers.
 So I'm chilling there with a bunch of other good looking young guys
 and I'm thinking they're adventurers like me, you know,
 they're like Jack Kerouac minded hippie kind of guys.
 All of a sudden this really messed up 1991 Honda Civic,
 like a broken windshield, no back windows, pulls up
 and this little Honduran dude wearing all leather,
 super, super leather daddy outfit.
 He's like, "Hey, get inside."
 I get in, we're driving like 45 minutes and he goes like,
 "Do you like movies?"
 And I was like, "Yeah, I like movies."
 And I was like, "Fuck, let's talk about movies."
 Then he was like, "Do you like porn?"
 And I was like, "All right, this is getting kind of weird."
 But I was like, "I'm trying to be agreeable because I don't want him
 to kick me out of the car for some reason."
 So I'm like, "Dude, I love porn, bro.
 It's my favorite shit in the world."
 The moment I said that I liked porn, he took the nearest freeway exit
 and he took us to this weird renovated farmhouse.
 There was six confessional booths.
 Inside the confessional booths were like little TV screens
 with like three different porn channels on it.
 And this was like a weird creepy thing.
 And he's like, "You want to watch it together?"
 And I was like, "No, I think I'm good, bro.
 I'm just going to watch this by myself.
 You do your thing, I'll do my thing.
 And then we'll just meet back outside and keep going."
 And then he was like, "Why were you at that truck stop?"
 And I was like, "I'm just a hitchhiker trying to explore America
 and get to know my home country."
 And he's like, "Oh, you shouldn't have been there, bro.
 That's like a hooker truck stop."
 And I was like, "Okay, that's all good.
 I'm not a hooker."
 And he was like, "All right, that's all good."
 And he drove me all the way to Houston.
 That's kind of a cool move by him.
 Yeah, but there was a couple seconds where I was scared.
 I was like, "This guy's going to fucking kill me.
 I got to get out of here."
 But no, he was like, "Okay, honest mistake."
 And we proceeded onward.
 So shout out to that man.
 This one's freaking hard.
 Incredible.
 Incredible.
 That's what we do, man.
 Andrew, while you enjoy that marrow,
 we have a recurring segment on our show called Explain That Gram
 where we do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram.
 Pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 Oh, fantastic.
 So we'll pull the picture up over here on the monitor.
 You just tell us the bigger story.
 How would you describe the sights and sounds
 of the Capitol Hill autonomous zone in Seattle?
 I'm from Capitol Hill, Seattle.
 I pretty much grew up in and around this park,
 Cali Anderson Park.
 So to see that on the news, it was this own country
 that was ran by a warlord, according to Fox News.
 I flew home, got off the light rail at the Capitol Hill station,
 walked up, and basically saw every person that I grew up with,
 you know, had formed their own country.
 I lived in a tent in the CHOP for like two weeks.
 What was that like?
 It was interesting.
 My tent got stolen three times.
 CHOP was a really fascinating social experiment.
 I witnessed a really bad shooting
 on one of the last days of CHOP.
 The day after the shooting, a lot of the medics and staff
 decided it was too dangerous, and so a lot of them left.
 And so that last four days of CHOP before the cops came
 and took it back was pretty lawless.
 Well, at least you got to spend some time there, you know?
 Yeah.
 All right, one more for you.
 What do you remember about running into Anthony Weiner at Target?
 Yeah, I was in Target buying some white clothes for my aunt
 in Manhattan, and I saw Carlos Danger in there
 with some pit vipers on, and I was like,
 "Anthony Weiner?"
 And he looked at me.
 He thought I was going to record him and be like,
 "What do you have to say for yourself?
 The dick pics are outrageous."
 But no, he didn't.
 He was like, "What's up?"
 I was like, "Huge fan.
 I don't know what to say."
 I was like, "Can I get a pic?"
 And then I snapped this, and then I walked off.
 He looked pretty upset in this picture, I would say.
 So I've heard that sometimes you put the spiciest wing
 before level 10 to elicit an extreme reaction,
 and this says collards and ghosts.
 And I know that ghost is a freaking spicy pepper.
 You do.
 So I think you might be trying to swindle me
 and create some sort of breakdown,
 but I'm going to go for it.
 But I know that ghost is serious.
 Is that the spiciest pepper on the market?
 But maybe you don't even know what's going on.
 Ghost is not as hot as the Carolina Reaper,
 so we might be playing all kinds of mind tricks on you right now.
 Listen, I'm not backing down, but I see what's going on here.
 Pull them up.
 Oh, Jesus Christ.
 I'm almost done.
 Got to finish this like a G.
 Look at that.
 Going in.
 Crushing it.
 Grandkids are going to be proud.
 They truly are, man.
 Damn, level six accomplished.
 There we go.
 They can't take that away from you.
 It's hitting my tongue.
 So it's never not surreal to me that this goofy chicken wing production
 has grown to become one of the biggest talk shows in the entire world.
 But I don't think that we could be having that kind of conversation
 if not for legacy media companies constantly, perpetually misreading
 and failing their own audiences.
 Do you ever think about how much of your own success
 might be the result of the American news media machine's own neglect?
 Yeah, I think that if Walter Cronkite was on TV,
 people might not want to watch Channel 5 as much.
 But I think the void created by legacy and center-right
 and center-left mainstream media constantly competing for shock reactions
 from their respective audiences has created a void that allows people
 like you and I to do more numbers than the traditional news media outlets
 because nobody wants to watch that.
 Both sides of mainstream media try so hard to create this ultimate,
 like, domestic enemy, whether it's like mainstream liberal media
 telling you that there's these insane neo-Nazi contingents
 that are surrounding every major city trying to kill everyone,
 or if it's center-right media being like, "Antifa and Black Lives Matter
 are going to come to your house in Branson, Missouri and burn your farm down."
 I'm not hating on rural people, I'm just saying that's what they say
 because they know their audience.
 And also there's lots of misrepresentations of the South,
 classic tropes about the South being the place of the problem.
 From center-left media, then on center-right media,
 there's talking about how California is like this third world shithole,
 and it's not, it just has problems like everywhere else.
 And it's just kind of scary because people really think that there's like
 this boogeyman on the other side of the political spectrum.
 And there definitely is if you're looking for it.
 But most people are just more concerned with their day-to-day life.
 They don't have time to participate in the political theater
 that we saw unfold in 2020.
 [music]
 Where's this one from?
 South Dakota.
 Getting in there.
 Should I do it?
 Yeah, I'll do it too.
 You want to slam the marrow?
 Let's slam some marrow at it.
 [crunch]
 Wow, yeah.
 That's good marrow.
 See that in there?
 Look at that.
 Marrow.
 [laughs]
 So I don't even know if you're a food guy, but your RV travels
 are like a food lover's fantasy.
 What to you is the best regional fast food chain?
 I think that Buc-ee's in Texas, it's a gas station chain.
 They have like the best pulled pork and brisket sandwiches.
 That stuff is so good.
 Do you have an all-time favorite roadside attraction
 that you've ever discovered off an interstate exit?
 I like the Clown Motel in Tonopah, Nevada.
 It's like an old-school clown-themed motel
 in the middle of the Nevada desert on the drive between Reno and Las Vegas.
 Last time I was there, there was a juggalo walking around with his staff
 that had an ax on the top of it and just fucking swinging it around.
 And he got pulled over and arrested.
 But yeah, that's Nye County for you.
 Population 2,000.
 Which one's the most overrated?
 Fantastic Caverns?
 Fantastic Caverns is definitely overrated.
 And you need to unban my cameraman Nick
 from their beautiful underground cave.
 Overrated attractions, I mean, all the national parks to me are overrated
 because they're so full of just annoying-ass people.
 Like the Grand Canyon would have been so beautiful,
 but you have to go through so many steps
 and pass so many Sedona-style tourist towns
 where you get taxed a million dollars before you finally feast your eyes
 on the Grand Canyon,
 and you can't even walk around without paying a fee.
 It's not American.
 This next one is Da Bomb Beyond Insanity.
 Da Bomb Beyond Insanity, this is a serious thing.
 I know this is fucked up.
 Habanero peppers, okay.
 Chipotle puree, I think I can do this one.
 There's something about this one.
 You could do this one, but you've done this how many times?
 Like 275.
 Okay, cool, so you're good to go.
 Uh-oh.
 Oh, yeah, this is fucking bad.
 Dude, yeah, that one is a different angle altogether.
 Oh, shit.
 Go for that milk. Go for that milk.
 Oh, God.
 Oh, man, I was talking way too much shit.
 The grandkids are still proud, Andrew.
 I'm sorry to my grandchildren.
 Da Bomb Beyond Insanity is not for me.
 Wow, dude.
 Yeah.
 You're in tears, and you can do this.
 This sauce is one that we've kept on the table
 since like the beginning of the show,
 and this is why. It is just nonstop all the time.
 What did you mean when you said East Coast is not good content?
 People are not that funny.
 God damn it, you waited until I fucking...
 Where is this going to go away?
 It's just going to keep going up and up and up,
 but this is as bad as it's going to get.
 The East Coast is funny.
 There's people on the East Coast that are funny,
 but the vast suburbs that comprise the majority of the population
 of the East Coast make the East Coast not that funny.
 Westchester, New York, not fucking funny.
 Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, not funny.
 Lowell, Massachusetts, not funny.
 Long Island, kind of funny.
 Upstate New York, some laughs,
 but you got to really nitpick the funny East Coast guys.
 They're all like 60-plus years old,
 or they're like under 20.
 What makes Florida such a content mecca?
 Like the eccentrics that you find out there.
 That's a good question, man. It's a problem.
 Florida has a huge mid-level celebrity influencer culture.
 Jackass, influenced, juggalo-adjacent,
 harm-heavy, Vegas, vacationing contingent.
 That's Florida.
 Shout out to Mike Busey and the Sausage Castle.
 That's what I think of.
 Everybody at the Sausage Castle has 15,000 Instagram followers.
 [sighs]
 [inhales deeply]
 [inhales deeply]
 [inhales deeply]
 [inhales deeply]
 [inhales deeply]
 [exhales deeply]
 [inhales deeply]
 Bingo Psycho Hot Sauce.
 Warning, extreme.
 15 out of 10 heat.
 It's all good.
 I'll just take down some more milk.
 Don't take down any more milk.
 I'll just take some more milk down.
 No, no, no, no more milk.
 It's okay.
 No more milk.
 It's all right, man.
 God damn it. Here we go again.
 What's your biggest interviewer pet peeve
 when you watch other interviewers interview?
 It's leading questions.
 Like, some people would say
 that you're the worst rapper of all time.
 How do you respond to people who would say that?
 It's like, you're the one saying it.
 This one's more of a tongue blaster.
 Yeah.
 It's coming at you from all sides.
 The walls are closing in over here.
 No, no, no.
 It's okay.
 But the good news is
 we have made it to the final wing.
 The last dab.
 This is your hot sauce.
 This is our hot sauce.
 It's the last dab.
 We call it the last dab
 because it's tradition around here
 to put a little extra on the last wing.
 You don't have to if you don't want to,
 and I'd actually recommend you don't.
 [laughter]
 Oh, man.
 [music]
 Do you like Wiz Khalifa's music?
 Yeah, especially early stuff.
 He had that Kush mixtape.
 You listen to rap.
 Oh.
 You do.
 You know about Kush and Orange Juice.
 You're a rap fan.
 That's awesome.
 Because I didn't know if you were just saying it
 because you know what some interviewers do.
 They mirror it.
 Oh, right, right, right.
 You know about Kush and Orange Juice.
 Wiz Khalifa's 2011 hit mixtape from DatPiff.com.
 Yeah, I remember the cover art.
 Remember he's in that pinstripe suit?
 First time I ever smoked weed was to that song.
 The Kid Frankie.
 Song number eight.
 [laughter]
 I was hiding under a slide at a local playground
 with six dudes standing around me being like,
 "Hit the blood, hit the blood."
 You know that song?
 ♪ If you want to make a weed song ♪
 ♪ Here goes a weed song ♪
 ♪ Still blazing, still blazing, still blazing ♪
 ♪ That gun's a-flowing so amazing ♪
 [laughter]
 Actually.
 I was smoking weed to that one.
 Was that, um...
 Was that during the Trek God days?
 [exhales]
 [laughter]
 You saved that one for the last wing, huh?
 Yeah.
 So for those who don't know, what and who is Trek God?
 Well, should we eat...
 Can you?
 You want me to start rapping, huh?
 Mm-hmm.
 I see.
 [laughter]
 You're gonna make me start rapping, aren't you?
 You can see where this is going.
 All right, number 10 wing.
 Shout out to my grandkids.
 Shout out to Sean.
 Shout out to Brolin.
 Shout out to Wiz Khalifa.
 Brian Cranston, if you're watching this,
 I love you, and you're acting.
 [laughter]
 Down it goes.
 [hip-hop music]
 There you go.
 There you go.
 We have scaled the heights of Spice Mountain
 and gonna put you a little bit on the spot here
 to close things out.
 You know, it's impossible to deny
 the role that music plays in your videos.
 It's amazing.
 No matter where you go or who you're talking to,
 someone always has bars.
 So here to close things out,
 I'm curious if we can take things back
 with a throwback Trek God freestyle
 to encapsulate your experience with the wings of death today.
 [hip-hop music]
 ♪ Dingo psychosis ♪
 ♪ Bitch, I feel like Brolin ♪
 ♪ Feel like Wiz Khalifa ♪
 ♪ Comin' with them heaters ♪
 [laughter]
 ♪ I feel like Justin Bieber ♪
 ♪ I don't take threats ♪
 ♪ I do damage ♪
 [laughter]
 ♪ God damn it, I'm not from this planet ♪
 ♪ Whoops, I meant planet ♪
 ♪ Sean is so on it ♪
 ♪ Brolin was in this bitch ♪
 ♪ Now I'm in this bitch ♪
 ♪ I'm never throwin' in the towel in this bitch ♪
 ♪ Drink all the milk in this bitch ♪
 ♪ And look at Andrew ♪
 ♪ Takin' on the wings of death ♪
 ♪ Living to tell the tale somehow, someway ♪
 ♪ Even though there was a second there ♪
 ♪ I thought we're gonna lose ya ♪
 ♪ Never that, never that ♪
 Stayed focused, stayed strong,
 and made it all the way to the end.
 Now there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 Oh, shit.
 Well, I'm working on a movie.
 I'm working on a cartoon.
 I'm working on a new book.
 I'm trying to get a publishing deal,
 or maybe I'll do it independently or something,
 and I'm gonna release that and go on a book tour.
 And then, yeah, hopefully the movie gets announced soon.
 Hopefully my cartoon comes out soon,
 and hopefully my book comes out soon.
 And hopefully this episode comes out soon.
 Thanks so much for having me on.
 This was so friggin' fun.
 [applause]
 Good job, good job.
 You made it.
 I did.
 I want to go to a Spice conference.
 I'll go with you.
 You're pretty much like Beyoncé at that shit.
 It's actually--
 [laughter]
 It's actually insane.
 Like, I can pretty much move through life, you know?
 Yeah.
 But not at the hot sauce expo.
 Yeah, I just can't imagine walking around with you.
 I'm like, "Oh my fucking God, it's Sean!"
 Bitch, I feel like Brolin.
 Hey, what's going on, Hot Ones fans?
 Thank you so much for watching today's video.
 The Season 18 sauces, they're here,
 and you know what that means.
 Dom, box me.
 So is the big box.
 The Season 18 Hot Ones box is now available at Heatness.com.
 That's Heatness.com.
 To get your hands on all of the Season 18 sauces
 delivered straight to your door in one convenient box,
 don't forget to be careful around the eyes.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
