 (dramatic music)
 - Give me a second.
 - Sure.
 - Oh my God.
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Anthony Mackie.
 You know him from films like "The Hurt Locker",
 "Captain America", "Million Dollar Baby" and many more.
 His latest film, "Outside the Wire"
 is currently trending on Netflix
 and he also stars in one of the year's
 most anticipated new shows,
 "The Falcon and the Winter Soldier"
 which is set to release on Disney Plus March 19th.
 Anthony Mackie, welcome to the show.
 - What's up man, thank you for having me.
 - I know that you grew up near the bayou.
 How do you handle the spicy stuff?
 - I don't do well with spicy stuff at all.
 Anybody will tell you, I like my food as bland as possible.
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 - All right.
 It's not bad, it's kinda like ketchup.
 I can live with that.
 (dramatic music)
 So I wanna start by talking about
 "Falcon and the Winter Soldier"
 and specifically this quote of yours from 2014
 where you said, "The second and third leads
 "are always the best characters."
 What did you mean by that?
 And what do you see as the opportunity to build
 or redefine the character of Falcon in this series?
 - Well, the lead character is usually someone
 just to help push the exposition along,
 push the story along.
 He's the one that you ride with throughout the vehicle.
 The best characters are always the third, fourth lead
 because they're the ones who actually get it
 to get in and do the dirty work.
 They're the ones that get to act.
 So they're always the ones bouncing and controlling
 the lead actor and he's just bringing them along
 for the ride.
 That's why when you watch the Academy Awards,
 best supporting actor is always a more coveted category
 than best actor.
 So with six hours of content,
 you really get the opportunity to delve into
 not only the Falcon's backstory,
 but the Winter Soldier's backstory.
 Like if you see with "WandaVision,"
 after watching that show, you have a much richer
 and deeper relationship with Vision and Wanda now.
 Whereas before, I would maybe have one,
 maybe two nuggets per movie,
 but the movie was focused on the heavy hitters,
 the Ironmans, the Captain America.
 So now I get more play time,
 so you get to learn more about me.
 Yo, that's actually good.
 So New Orleans has a lot of nicknames,
 the big easy, Paris of the south,
 but as an avid fisherman,
 my guess is the one that rings truest to you
 is the sportsman's paradise.
 When you think about all the fish
 that you've had to fight on the hook,
 is there one that you would consider a prized catch?
 Oh, definitely.
 Great question.
 No one has ever asked me this before.
 Okay, so while we were shooting "Endgame" and "Infinity War,"
 they had these huge lakes and ponds on their properties.
 So in between takes, I would go fishing.
 I bought an outdoor grill for my trailer,
 like fresh fish right there on set,
 which some people had a problem with
 until they taste the fish.
 Then they understood my situation.
 I watch a lot of these river monster shows
 that oftentimes feature the marshes
 or the swamps of Louisiana.
 What's like the weirdest thing
 that you've ever pulled out of the water?
 Actually, when we were shooting
 "Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter" here in New Orleans,
 and they have these fish called alligator garfish.
 It's like a pike, but with the face of an alligator.
 So one day I'm sitting out there smoking a cigar.
 I have a PA with me so I don't get in trouble.
 So the PA is just sitting there talking to me like,
 "Oh, this is so much fun.
 I can't believe we're on a movie."
 All of a sudden, the line starts to stretch out
 and there's a garfish about five feet long
 just munching on this fish.
 So I take the line, I tie it to the bumper of the truck,
 pull the truck out from the water.
 So it brought the fish out.
 It was the biggest garfish I'd ever seen.
 It was bigger than this girl.
 This girl was like 5'2" and this fish was like 5'5".
 So she freaked out, gets on the radio.
 "Oh my God, we have, oh my God, oh my God,
 somebody help us."
 But it was just the ability to catch it and hold it.
 So I have a picture of this garfish
 like laying across my chest in full costume
 when we were shooting "Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter."
 Hmm, I can live with that.
 So you've amassed 70-plus TV and film credits
 over the course of your career,
 which would speak to an appetite for exploring a variety
 of different characters and genres.
 Do you still to this day get stopped on the street
 by "Law & Order" fans
 even though you've only been in one episode?
 I always say I'm most famous for "8 Mile" and "Law & Order."
 I always know, 'cause you know,
 a lot of people don't watch Marvel movies.
 Whenever I go to the grocery store and you know,
 all the older ladies know who I am,
 I'm like "Law & Order" came on.
 'Cause they didn't watch "Captain America."
 They watched "Law & Order."
 From who they are, I know where they recognize me from.
 Like you can guess which movie
 or which show they recognize you from.
 What's the difference between an "8 Mile" fan
 and a Marvel fan?
 So a "8 Mile" fan, ironically enough,
 is usually like a cool, hip, like middle-aged,
 just down-to-earth, real cool cat.
 But Marvel is usually either a middle-aged dude
 who's very grabby and touchy
 or a teenage kid who can't hold their shit.
 Like there's no in-between.
 It's like, you know, little girls giggle and run away,
 little boys just stop and freak out,
 and middle-aged dudes just always wanna touch you
 and never leave you alone.
 It's the weirdest shit ever.
 It's the weirdest, weird.
 Not mad at that either.
 - So I know that you're suspicious of people
 who take New Orleans food and bar culture
 and then move 'em to cities like over here in New York
 where they don't really understand the roots.
 So if you'll humor me, I wanna play a little game
 called "Who Dat or Not Dat"
 where I give you a New Orleans culinary export
 and you tell me if it has "Who Dat" status
 or if it's just straight a "Not Dat" red flag.
 Does that sound good?
 - I like it, I like it.
 - All right, a seafood joint
 that serves year-round crawfish boils.
 - Not dat, not dat, not dat, not dat.
 Like we're right at the precipice
 of crawfish season right now.
 So your crawfish just now coming out the mud.
 So if you got crawfish off season,
 those are imported crawfish.
 I'm not gonna say where they from,
 but you have mud bugs and you have scuttlebutts.
 Those are scuttlebutts.
 - A New Orleans-themed bar
 where the bartender doesn't know how to make Milk Punch.
 - Ooh, that's hard.
 See, I'll give 'em a pass on that.
 'Cause Milk Punch is very, very local,
 very, very like in the grind.
 If you have a New Orleans-themed bar
 and you know how to make a Sazerac,
 I'll forgive you on Milk Punch.
 If you have a daiquiri machine,
 if you serve Dixie beer, you know,
 a beater, if you have a beater,
 Giacomo, I'll give you that.
 But Milk Punch is, I'll give you a pass on that,
 but you gotta have something to replace it.
 - A sandwich shop that serves po' boys with Cape Cod chips.
 - No, po' boys should only be eaten with Zaps.
 That's the only thing.
 And the crawtators are the best ones.
 Don't tell me the voodoo's are the best ones.
 It's not true, it's the crawtators.
 Everybody take the crawtator.
 - Let me hit you with this phrase, gluten-free King Cake.
 (upbeat music)
 - No.
 No.
 No.
 Oh shit.
 This is gonna hurt.
 I went too far.
 - You called it.
 You called it.
 (laughing)
 - Oh.
 - All right, Anthony, we have a recurring segment
 on our show called Explain That Gram
 where we do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So I'll show you the picture.
 You just tell us the bigger story.
 And we have a little workaround
 'cause your Instagram currently has one picture, Anthony,
 but we have a workaround.
 Which celebrity All-Star game do you remember more fondly?
 Last summer's softball match
 or the NBA All-Star game from three years ago?
 - First of all, I had a great, great showing
 in Cleveland at the All-Star game for MLB.
 I had three catches inside the park home run,
 never struck out, should have won the MVP.
 I scored more runs than anybody,
 but we're not gonna talk about it.
 I got to hang out with the big hurt.
 It was amazing.
 I grew up loving baseball.
 The basketball All-Star weekend,
 it was all about Master P.
 And he took like 35 three-pointers and missed all of them.
 I'm like, what are we doing right?
 Like why, are we just out here for cardio?
 But so it was the parties were better
 at All-Star weekend for basketball.
 I had a better experience with MLB,
 hanging out with Ryan Howard,
 hitting home runs, crushing it.
 - This looks like you're reigning here as the King of Bacchus.
 - Bacchus is one of the super parades
 and Bacchus is known as the workman's parade.
 Carpenters, contractors, mechanics,
 like they're all members of Bacchus
 because you don't have to be rich to be a member.
 It started as a society of guys who work together as a crew.
 My dad would take us down to the beginning of Bacchus
 on Napoleon and Chappatoulas.
 And you have the Knights, the horsemen that ride
 before the parade in their full costumes on horseback.
 Southern University's marching band was right there.
 So we got to ride like with,
 like around in Southern's marching band, you know?
 So we used to do that every year.
 And it was always an amazing, amazing experience
 for Mardi Gras to be able to do that.
 - And you know, New Orleans has such unique culture
 and aesthetic.
 They try to capture it in TV and film all the time,
 even artists like Drake or Beyonce.
 Can you think of a TV show, a film, a music video
 that you think best distills New Orleans?
 - There's this movie called "Angel Heart."
 It came out like in the early eighties, late nineties.
 It's a creepy movie with Lisa Bonet.
 It captures New Orleans culture and essence.
 It was so New Orleans, it was creepy.
 One of my favorite movies.
 Every time I watch it, it freaks me out.
 But I feel like it captures New Orleans
 better than anything.
 Oh, all right.
 There we go.
 (soft music)
 That's gangsta.
 Mm.
 (laughs)
 - Heavy flavor.
 - Oh my God.
 - So with 22 movies under its belt,
 now this collection of Marvel series headed to Disney+,
 the MCU, it's ever expanding.
 What do you see as the unique challenges
 of remaining true to these classic superhero stories,
 while also then building and creating new stories?
 - Well, the problem is, you know,
 every movie has to be bigger than the one before it.
 So every movie has to be more outrageous, more extreme.
 So I find it hard to capture the reality of the story
 or stay true to the comic book.
 So I don't think the problem is the characters or the story.
 I think it's just, how do you evolve these movies
 to where you don't see the same thing over and over?
 I always laugh because Marvel loves to show
 like six SUVs in a row going down the highway.
 Like every movie, you know,
 every movie has the six SUV, like convoy,
 you know, going somewhere.
 So it's like, how do you take that six SUV convoy
 and make it new and different every single movie?
 I think that's the biggest challenge.
 So this is the Honey Badger,
 New Orleans finest right there.
 (dramatic music)
 - Oh. - Yeah.
 - Ah.
 Ah.
 - It doesn't help that it has killer on it.
 (laughing)
 - So some people watching this may be surprised to learn
 that you're actually a very skilled carpenter.
 Is it still a dream of yours to do a home improvement show?
 - It is.
 It, I literally used to watch,
 I used to watch HG, I used to watch,
 now my tongue is like,
 I used to watch HGTV all the time still.
 And I've always wanted to do like a cooking show
 and a home improvement show and a wellness show
 and put them all together,
 just HGTV, ESPN and Food Network.
 That's all I watch.
 Yeah, but I would love to do one.
 That would be fun as hell.
 - Can you describe in detail
 the last piece of furniture that you built?
 - Hmm.
 So over COVID, I've been working in my backyard
 and got some two by four metal studs,
 cut them out, hardy board and tiled
 and built a outdoor kitchen.
 My brother-in-law was telling me about the epoxy.
 You pour it in and it hardens like glass,
 but you can put objects in it
 and it'll float around the objects.
 I want to figure out how to do epoxy countertops
 and you can put lights under them.
 Maybe be some real pep shit.
 I'm sorry.
 All of this out the window now, I can't breathe.
 (laughs)
 Oh, it just looks like mud, dude.
 What? Eat that.
 - Still going in though.
 - Oh my gosh.
 Oh.
 (dramatic music)
 Give me a second.
 - Sure.
 - Holy shit.
 Oh my God.
 I'm coming.
 Oh my God.
 - I know, I know.
 Be careful around the eyes too.
 This is the part where I'll say,
 be careful around the eyes.
 Don't want-
 - Right, wait, wait, wait.
 - A cross pollination issue.
 - Right, wait, wait.
 I figured this out.
 - What do you got going over there?
 - I should have had bread,
 but I didn't get bread.
 So I figured corn chips would be the closest thing.
 - That's a new one to me.
 How does it work out?
 - Corn chips, dog.
 Corn chips, dog, I'm back.
 - Anthony Mackie pro tip.
 - All right, I have a million questions about eight mile,
 but I'll keep them to my most pressing here
 so that we can move on down the gauntlet.
 I know we're probably on borrowed time.
 I guess overall, the thing that I'm most curious about
 are the battle rap scenes.
 Are there Juilliard techniques to draw on
 when it comes to ripping a mic on camera?
 - You know what's interesting?
 I find myself very lucky to have studied Shakespeare.
 (dramatic music)
 When you look at Shakespeare and the way he wrote,
 he wrote in verse.
 So the idea of approaching a rapper
 from the perspective of an actor,
 you're really just speaking in poems.
 You know, I've always said one of the greatest rappers
 to ever live was William Shakespeare.
 So it helped a lot as far as
 being able to understand the cadence, the verse, the meter
 and putting those words in rhyming couplets and into form.
 Oh, I can't believe I got that out.
 (dramatic music)
 Okay.
 (dog barking)
 Go ahead.
 - Okay, cool.
 I'm running, I'm running now.
 I'm running.
 (laughing)
 So these days you're one of the most recognizable film stars
 on the planet, but I know that the foundation
 was set at Juilliard, which is widely regarded
 as one of the most prestigious drama schools in the world.
 Some trade schools are mandatory.
 And then there are others that are almost looked down on.
 Like journalism, for example.
 There are a lot of people who think you're better off
 learning on the job than going to journalism school.
 Where does drama school fall on that spectrum for you?
 (coughing)
 - One second.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 (beeping)
 - Oh, oh.
 Okay, man.
 Oh.
 Um.
 The, uh.
 (dramatic music)
 There's nothing more important.
 I've learned a lot being on set, in the business.
 There's nothing more important to me
 than the training I got in drama school.
 I'm a firm believer in to be is to study.
 You would not go to a hospital and let somebody cut on you
 who didn't go to medical school, you know?
 If I didn't have my training,
 I wouldn't be able to play Tupac, Martin Luther King,
 Papa Doc, and the Falcon.
 I would only be able to play Tupac in every movie.
 I would only be able to play Martin Luther King
 in every movie or the Falcon in every movie.
 I wouldn't be able to do those different range of characters.
 So that training is just something
 that gives you an extra leg to stand on.
 You know what I mean?
 So once you have that background in that training,
 nobody can take that from you.
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 Dude, that hurt.
 - One more, it's not fun either.
 (laughing)
 Just being honest with you.
 But you know what, Anthony,
 some hosts, they'd let you drown all the wings.
 You know, they wouldn't be telling you where the minds are.
 - I appreciate it.
 Now, I'm happy because my mouth and my nose
 and my lips are numb.
 So I can't feel anything anyway.
 (laughing)
 - Here we go.
 (dramatic music)
 - Dude, that's just straight pepper.
 - Facts, but you know what, Anthony,
 Mackey, here we are at the epilogue of our spicy wing journey
 and you're an actor who's seen tremendous success
 with some of the biggest box office smashes
 of all time, as well as admiration
 for your work on Broadway.
 So with that in mind, I wanna take things back
 to this 2010 quote that you gave to the Juilliard Journal.
 I'd like to show everybody that not only can I do something
 like the Hurt Locker or Notorious,
 I can also do Shakespeare.
 Is there a Shakespearean soliloquy or a side
 that comes to mind when you think about your dinner date
 this evening with the Wings of Death?
 - Oh my God.
 (dramatic music)
 Thou nature art my goddess.
 To thy law, my services are bound.
 Wherefore should I stand in the plague of custom
 and permit off?
 I can't.
 (laughing)
 - It's a standing ovation from this side of the Zoom.
 That was amazing.
 And look at you, Anthony Mackie, taking on the Wings of Death
 and coming through victorious.
 Couple laps, little sweat, but it's all in a day's work.
 And now there's nothing left to do,
 but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, probably just the camera you're looking at.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Oh man.
 Synchronic is coming out, movie theaters, go check it out.
 Go to the drive-in, it's not gonna close.
 Streaming, it's a really fun movie.
 (dramatic music)
 Outside the Wires on Netflix, check it out.
 Number one in the world.
 And in March, we have Falcon Winter Soldier.
 It'll be a good time, check it out.
 (clapping)
 - Great job, Anthony, great job.
 - Problem was, it started off
 so nice and easy.
 I thought it was gonna continue to be nice and easy.
 Oh.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - This is Sean Evans checking in to say thank you so much
 for watching today's episode.
 If you enjoyed it, maybe like it.
 Maybe throw us a subscribe even if you're feeling generous.
 And as long as you keep watching, fuck it, I'll keep eating.
 (upbeat music)
