 (dramatic music)
 - Careful, careful, careful.
 - Why would you ask me that question?
 (laughing)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Bob Odenkirk.
 He's an actor and writer whose resume includes everything
 from the pioneering sketch comedy series,
 "Mr. Show" to "Breaking Bad"
 and an acclaimed performance as Jimmy McGill
 in "Better Call Saul."
 You can also catch him starring
 in AMC's brand new comedy drama, "Lucky Hank,"
 which is set to premiere on March 19th.
 Bob Odenkirk, welcome to the show.
 - Hi, how are you?
 - I'm doing great, I'm doing great.
 How are you?
 Especially around hot sauce. - A little tired.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - I do see the value of like,
 when there's kind of an intense spice mixed in with flavors.
 It kind of is an awesome thing, you know?
 But I've never understood, you know,
 like the pure hot shit that just like blows your brain out.
 Like I don't get what you're getting from that.
 - But you know what?
 It makes good TV, it makes good TV.
 - Oh, I guess so.
 I've heard such things, such good things about the show.
 And I know that you've done great interviews.
 I don't particularly see the connection.
 There's a sense that the person is disarmed a bit
 because they're distracted by the heat.
 But I think I'm perfectly capable of talking
 without having part of my body injured.
 (laughing)
 - Okay.
 - Did you eat the whole wing?
 - A bite usually does the trick,
 but I'll go wherever you go today.
 - Well, this is just really good.
 - There we go.
 - Yeah, this is not, there's a vague hint of heat at the end.
 It's just damn good.
 - There we go.
 - That's really good.
 Wow.
 - Off to a hot start.
 There we go, getting a round of applause.
 There we go.
 So in your latest project, "Lucky Hank,"
 you play an English department chair
 who describes the college he works at
 as mediocrity's capital.
 And I was immediately hooked by the first scene
 when your character begrudgingly offers harsh feedback
 to a student's essay.
 Was playing a cantankerous English professor
 at all cathartic for you,
 considering how much of your career you've spent
 obsessing over the written word?
 - I'll tell you what,
 it wasn't so much the cantankerous part that was cathartic.
 After playing Saul Goodman for so long,
 this guy is sort of fundamentally different than Saul
 'cause he is connected to people in his world.
 He loves them, they love him.
 Not to mention there's no drugs, there's no guns,
 there's no cartel, there's no zombies.
 It's not a genre piece.
 This "Lucky Hank" is closest to like an Alexander Payne film.
 It's like equal parts comedy drama.
 I don't eat a lot of wings in my life.
 - Look at you though, could have fooled me.
 - Well, now that is, yeah.
 It's a little more wanting to be hot,
 still not as flavorful.
 Yeah, nothing beats this one.
 - There we go.
 So like you, I'm a product of the Chicago suburbs
 and a broadcasting major.
 In what ways do you think your affection for comedy
 was shaped by watching stations like WGN and Channel 11 PBS?
 - Well, definitely Channel 11 with Monty Python,
 Dave Allen at large, the two Ronnies.
 Python was the one that made me go, wait, what is this?
 They're making fun of everything and they're being hard,
 but it's silly as hell.
 And then you've got Terry Gilliam's absurdity,
 which kind of takes you a step back and makes you go like,
 come on, it's just, it's cartoons, it's nothing.
 But it's really got a fuck you vibe at the core of it,
 which I loved.
 - Did you have a favorite Chicagoland regional TV commercial?
 You know, it doesn't matter how many decades removed.
 - What's his face?
 We'd made fun of it on Mr. Show.
 - Schmirler.
 Schmirler Ford.
 Come on, you don't remember this?
 - Maybe it was just past mine.
 'Cause like--
 - In the good old summertime.
 - Hi, Harry Schmirler here, your singing Ford dealer.
 This week we have...
 (laughing)
 I'm not scared.
 - So long, eh?
 - Yeah.
 Okay.
 - Little bit of a higher level, but manageable, I'm seeing.
 - Yeah, not--
 - There we go, Bob.
 Yeah.
 Crushing it.
 - A little hotter, definitely.
 Stick around a little longer.
 - Leave a little bit of a trail behind.
 So in 1989, the Chicago Tribune described your one man show,
 "Half My Face Is A Clown" is determinately
 and shrewdly silly and satisfyingly so.
 What can a one man show do or accomplish
 that other genres can't?
 - You know, getting a sketch group together
 and finding a stage to do a show is not always so easy.
 So standup comedy boomed when I moved to Chicago.
 It had this crazy heyday that was insane.
 - Yeah, insane.
 - There were 14 comedy clubs in Chicago at one point.
 And I had a thought that my stuff could live in that world.
 It was almost like sketch comedy done by one person.
 There was a, oh, there was an improv piece
 that I really love to do.
 I go, "Hey everybody, I'm gonna do some improv.
 We do this game, it's called, you know, pick a hat.
 And there's got a box full of hats.
 I'm gonna just pick one out.
 I don't know what it'll be, but whatever it is,
 I will do a character based on it."
 So I pull out a hat, it's a baseball cap,
 and I think and start playing baseball.
 Hey batter, hey there, you know, back off the plate batter.
 You know, yeah, give it to him hot, go on.
 I throw the hat away.
 I reach in and I pull out, it's the same baseball cap.
 And now I'm like, hey, hey, hey.
 Hey batter, here comes the heat.
 You know, I'm the catcher now.
 So now he's the catcher and then another hat
 and now it's another baseball cap.
 And then he's the shortstop.
 But he's like, hey batter, come on, throw some heat.
 I'm the shortstop.
 And then puts that away, he reaches in.
 It's a fireman's helmet.
 And he throws it away.
 He gets another baseball cap.
 I don't remember the ending, but that was really fun.
 So, you know, yeah, sort of was.
 - I love that walk down memory lane.
 All right, Bobby, ready to move on here to sauce number four.
 - Los Calientes.
 - Yep, Verde.
 - Do you cut this show up
 or do you make people fucking watch me 12 Wings?
 - No, no, we're very kind in the edit.
 Now, does milk really help?
 - So I guess kind of, but what I've found
 is once you're in it, you're just in it.
 You know what I mean?
 Like you're just in the tidal wave.
 You just have to hold onto the board.
 You know, there's nothing that's gonna-
 - Nothing's gonna change it.
 - Nothing's gonna bring you back to earth.
 So you've shared a stage at the Second City Theater
 with Chris Farley.
 How early on did you recognize his potential as a performer?
 - When I got within a hundred feet of it.
 - For the first time?
 - Yeah.
 - Chris is this guy, you know, Jack Black, Chris Farley.
 These are people who, when people,
 I love it when people go, "That guy's got something."
 You're like, "Yeah, really? You think?"
 You know, I mean, who fucking can't tell that he's the shit?
 I love Chris.
 And then the motivational speaker, the sketch I wrote
 for him that did so well.
 And we had done an improvisation
 and we were all playing teachers of a school.
 And it was like a don't do drugs rally or whatever.
 We were talking to the students
 and he did his coach character.
 And it was Matt Foley.
 He might even use the name Matt Foley.
 It didn't have a story, Van Down by the River.
 It wasn't a motivational speaker, but you know,
 he was going, "Come on, you guys."
 And it stuck in my head as it would anyone.
 And I went home that night and I wrote that sketch
 and I've written hundreds of sketches of my life.
 And I wrote it exactly the way it's done.
 Although Robert Smigel added the breaking the table.
 We didn't do that at Second City.
 But everything else is exactly the way I wrote it that night
 in my little apartment in Chicago.
 And brought it into Chris and said, "Here's a sketch.
 You can do that character you did."
 And my daughter once asked me,
 "What was the most fun you had in showbiz?"
 And I said, "I did this sketch with Chris Farley.
 I played the dad in the sketch
 and we did it seven times a week at Second City."
 Every time I did that was the most fun I had in show business.
 (gentle music)
 I'm waiting until we get to that place
 where it's just a two by four to the mouth.
 (laughing)
 That is not unpleasant and it is hot.
 Yep, we're not fooling around now.
 Right, it's getting serious.
 But it has flavors still.
 Exactly, like a nice spicy curry almost.
 Yeah.
 There we go, Bob, you're doing great.
 You're doing great.
 Said I'd do it, I'm here.
 That's one thing about me, I show up.
 We got Seth Meyers, this question,
 but I'm curious your perspective.
 As someone who understands sketch comedy
 on a technical level, do you ever feel like there's a tension
 between what writers think is funny
 and what audiences think is funny?
 Like is there a comedy corollary to like an Eminem verse
 that's so obsessed with the mechanics of rapping
 that people listening to it can't even tell
 if it's good or not?
 In "Mr. Show" I can point to "Hunger Strike"
 and one of my favorites of all time,
 "The Story of Everest"
 where he keeps knocking over the thimbles.
 Now, a lot of people absolutely love "The Story of Everest."
 It's their favorite sketch.
 But there are people who hate it.
 And "Hunger Strike" is a great one
 that I think is one of the best things we wrote.
 It's David Cross as a Eastern mystic
 who's been on a hunger strike
 and he's gonna make a speech.
 He's been on a hunger strike for 40 days
 and he's supposed to talk about his people
 and they're getting their freedom
 and all he can talk about is food.
 (laughing)
 He's fucking genius and it's so funny.
 But some people hate it.
 When you do that thing where you repeat the joke
 and you grind it into the ground,
 that can be so funny to comedy writers.
 A lot has to do with where something is when you see it.
 I think sometimes performers don't understand that.
 They don't think about that
 because you take that same audience,
 you put them in a standup club
 and they think, "I need to get this one thing.
 "It better be that."
 And then you walk them across the street
 and they're reminded with theater on the same night
 and their brains can open up
 to all kinds of other things that you could do.
 And so the venue matters a lot.
 Anyway, theory.
 I have a lot of theory in me.
 I got a lot of theory in me.
 This guy looks like David Cross on the cover.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - Honestly, I don't think it's hot.
 - I'm fucked up, man.
 - Go ahead, rearrange.
 Shift in gears over here.
 So I think you're an inspiration to anyone
 who wants to evolve their career,
 not the least of which the entertainment people
 who have lauded your ability to span everything
 from best in class TV drama to absurdist comedy.
 Looking back at your career so far,
 what do you see as the value of a bomb?
 - Bravery, that you,
 first a sense that,
 I'm not different.
 You may not like that movie I did
 and you're maybe right.
 I think sometimes people don't understand
 how much a filmmaker or an actor
 maybe agrees with your appraisal of their work.
 Right, you know, there's a review
 and this isn't good and that isn't good
 and the actor, or some of them, me,
 or the director, oftentimes me,
 is like, oh, you're right.
 You know, but you can't kind of show that face.
 You have to,
 you have to support all the people who made the project
 and went out on a limb with you.
 I almost pursue failure sometimes
 'cause if you get afraid of that, you're fucked.
 Again, I would and have,
 go ahead and look at my resume,
 you'll be able to pick 'em out.
 Done projects that were really wobbly.
 Like, did you think that was gonna work?
 And just so you know, no, I didn't.
 (laughing)
 - All right, Bobby, you ready to move on here
 to sauce number seven?
 - Yeah.
 - This is the Dream's Eclipse.
 A little step up here.
 - All right.
 I'm about to go in.
 I'm trying not to read the labels
 'cause they're all like, ah.
 - I'm very impressed, Bobby's walked in here
 being like, I'm not really a hot sauce guy.
 - I'm definitely not.
 It's not bad.
 It's got flavor still.
 - Maybe you are though, a little hot sauce guy.
 - There's still flavor here going on, Dream's Eclipse.
 It's a beautiful label.
 - In an interview with Vanity Fair,
 you said you don't like how much resentment
 drives Jimmy's actions.
 With that in mind, what were your thoughts
 on Jimmy's treatment of Howard?
 - Yeah, I don't like it.
 Very upsetting, very unnerving to play a guy.
 You know, this goes to playing people
 who have serious issues,
 which are the only kind of people they write
 because that's fun to watch.
 And I remember reading about Brian playing Walter White,
 and I remember reading about Gandolfini playing Tony Soprano
 and the frustrations that they felt
 with the challenge of just staying in that guy's head.
 And I would be like, well, come on, it's acting.
 I mean, how hard can that be?
 And then I got to do salt.
 And I was like, oh, this is fucking hard.
 Because you're that guy for 12 hours a day for years.
 And even though it's not your real life,
 you know, that's what you're,
 that's what acting is, is sitting there going,
 I feel this and he feels that,
 and I'm feeling this and I resent this and I want that.
 And why do I want it?
 Because fuck that guy and fuck this person
 and I'm gonna get him back.
 And you know, and you're just conjuring up those feelings.
 It's exhausting.
 You know that they say don't hold on to resentments
 and stuff and it's true.
 I mean, don't.
 Fucking compartmentalize, let go of that shit
 because it's just killing you.
 It's not gonna help you make better choices.
 It's gonna hurt you more than it hurts anyone you resent.
 All right, just be careful.
 (dramatic music)
 So it's probably hitting for you now,
 just like it is for me.
 Trying to get a read.
 - Yeah.
 That was nasty.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Satan's asshole.
 (laughs)
 - I'm gonna join you.
 (dramatic music)
 - Fuck that sauce.
 (laughs)
 - Not for no reason.
 - Motherfucker.
 (dramatic music)
 Oh, fuck it.
 - I know.
 - Jesus Christ.
 - I know, I know.
 (coughs)
 - So I was a big fan of your 2021 film, Nobody.
 A hyper violent, last person standing action film
 that required almost two years to prepare for.
 What would you say are the characteristics
 of a good Hollywood fight scene?
 Like what makes this fight scenes in Nobody work so well?
 - You know what, I'm eating chicken wings right now, right?
 - I know, I know.
 Careful, careful, careful.
 - Why would you ask me that question?
 (laughs)
 I love the Jason Bourne films,
 but when he's fighting, he's just a machine.
 Some of them, their job is to present a tough guy.
 And so they're meant to be a fighting machine
 that is tough and is not afraid of anything
 and doesn't get hurt.
 So I thought, well, I could play a guy who does get hurt
 and does feel it.
 But in order to do that,
 we have to leave the camera on your face
 and leave it on you during the fight.
 - Long shot.
 - So that means you have to do your own fighting.
 - Yeah, hell yeah, and you did.
 - But I thought, you know, if I'm gonna do this,
 then that means I have to do the fighting
 because I wanna bring this thing into action films
 where I stay in character in the middle of the fight.
 And I've gotten hurt, I'm scared,
 I'm not sure I'm gonna succeed here,
 or maybe I feel glee, whatever it is,
 the character's still alive,
 even in the middle of the fight.
 So that's what I thought I could bring to that genre.
 And that's why I had to train so long.
 I mean, that sucked.
 Why would you buy this?
 You're an idiot.
 And why would you make it?
 - I'll wear that, I'll wear that, that's fair.
 - Asshole.
 (laughing)
 - On that note, are you ready to move on to the ninth sauce?
 - Whoa.
 - That's how you do it.
 - There you go, that is how you do it, Bob.
 That is how you do it.
 - It's kinda stuck.
 (laughing)
 - You said you were gonna give me these?
 - Yes.
 - You don't have to give me those.
 - That one?
 - Do you all a favor.
 That's what you want.
 These are good.
 - There we go, there we go.
 Then there's, it's as wide as the Grand Canyon there.
 Did you have a biggest customer pet peeve
 when you were serving burgers at Ed Debevec's
 before your comedy career took off?
 - Well, my biggest problem with Ed Debevec's,
 and it says something about my talent as an actor.
 You know, being a waiter there,
 you're supposed to like be a smart aleck and be rude.
 Well, all the waiters and waitresses could do that,
 and it was fun and whatever.
 But then when I became a waiter,
 I didn't really wanna do it, but also I can't.
 Because when most people go, sit down,
 people are like, oh.
 And when I go, sit down, they go, what, I'm sorry.
 He's mean.
 World's smallest sundae, overrated or underrated?
 Oh, no, that's underrated.
 - You like the world's smallest.
 - Portion control.
 And I love a sundae, and there you go.
 Go to Ed Debevec's, get the world's smallest sundae.
 I didn't know you knew that, but you went to Ed Debevec's.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, full knee.
 - So what is this, this is the killer?
 - This is the last day.
 - Why are you opening?
 - I said I'd do the show.
 It's actually a problem,
 that super responsible quality that I have.
 - Right, right.
 - It's from growing up in a family of seven
 with a dad who wasn't home.
 - Whoa, but that last dab thing,
 there's nothing responsible about that.
 - Oh, that's too much.
 - That's big.
 - I'm gonna take a little off.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Okay, so there's still some on there.
 - There is.
 - Not cheating.
 This is gonna suck, right?
 - You know what, I think the worst is kind of over.
 That's what I'll say.
 It's gonna suck.
 It's gonna suck.
 (dramatic music)
 - Right?
 But mercifully, our dinner date with the wings of death,
 it's come to an end, all right?
 And we covered your wide ranging career
 from writer's room journeyman to TV star
 to action movie leading man.
 But I know that the Bob Odenkirk experience,
 ultimately, it's that angsty kid walking
 through the theater line streets of Old Town
 with a fire in his belly and a chip on his shoulder.
 - That's right.
 - Robin Williams once said, "For me,
 "comedy starts as a spew, a kind of explosion,
 "and then you sculpt it from there, if at all.
 "It comes out of a deeper, darker side."
 Does that resonate with you,
 with your brain and insides of flame with hot sauce?
 - Comedy is finding the things you hate
 about people and the world and having fun with that,
 making fun of that.
 And it could be a little tiny dumb thing that you hate,
 a thing you hate about yourself,
 a behavior in the world that just ticks you off,
 and then turning that into joy.
 - Well, Mike, drop, and look at you, Bob Odenkirk,
 taking on the wings of death.
 You're not a hot sauce guy.
 I see no milk, not a sip of milk this entire time.
 Now there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you, Bob.
 This camera, this camera, this camera,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Oh, "Lucky Hank" is a new show.
 It's comedy and drama mixed even, Steven.
 Comes on AMC March 19th.
 It's an amazing cast, beautiful, funny, funny actors
 in every direction, so I hope you'll give it a try
 and stick with it.
 And in October, the thing I'm proudest of in the world,
 I wrote a book with my kids
 and my daughter did the illustrations.
 It's called "Zillet and Other Important Rhymes."
 It's poems for kids.
 I wrote them with my kids when they were little.
 We would write a poem together, a silly one,
 and then some of them were good and I kept them around.
 And then when my daughter grew up, she's an artist,
 and she just did the drawings for them.
 So please watch for that if you have anyone
 between three and eight in your house or soon to be.
 (audience applauding)
 - Great job.
 You did it.
 Thank you.
 That was far more entertaining and fun
 than I thought it would be.
 Asshole.
 - Hello, I'm Camera Guy Bill.
 Well, I'm the kind of cowboy who likes to sauce his wings,
 but I need a brand new flavor to make these taste insane.
 Plastic chili made bullets rolling down the line.
 All aboard, it's Canadian time.
 Would you look at that coming around the bend.
 A dash of chili, frizzles from smoking head.
 Sauce is loose, runaway caboose.
 Hotter than a babe on a moose.
 For a great Northern staple, try that classic chili maple
 made with real maple syrup.
 Make a yee-haw in your stirrups.
 Giddy up.
 First we face, got the sweet heat.
 Get on up and dance on your feet.
 First we face, got the sweet heat.
 Get on up and dance on your feet.
 Sweet and refreshing to keep your senses guessing
 with the tiny apple cider tons of bucking rodeo rider.
 Whoa there, look out.
 Let's hope some fun, the honky tonks just begun.
 Get permission from your mom, go to heatness.com.
 For a great Northern staple, try that classic chili maple.
 For a great Northern staple, try that classic chili maple.
 Sue it.
 Yee-haw.
 Y'all come back now.
 (gentle music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
