 (dramatic music)
 This is like what I imagine it feels like
 to change form as a Pokemon.
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Academy Award winning actress,
 Brie Larson.
 She's the box office shattering star you know
 from films like Room, Captain Marvel, and many more.
 Her latest project though,
 is the Brie Larson YouTube channel.
 Make sure to be on the lookout, subscribe,
 but first things first, Brie Larson, the wings of death.
 Welcome to Hot Ones.
 - Hi, thank you for having me.
 - How are you around spicy food?
 Like, are you a spicy food person?
 - I am a spicy food person,
 but I feel like today I'm gonna learn that I'm not.
 That perhaps what I thought was spicy food
 was not spicy at all.
 (dramatic music)
 - The classic Fresno.
 Ready?
 - We're ready.
 - That's fine.
 That's completely fine.
 (upbeat music)
 - So naturally I wanna start with your swan dive
 into the world of YouTube,
 and I wanna hit you with a hypothetical for a second, okay?
 Let's say you're at a dinner party, all right?
 Everyone is pulling up their favorite YouTube videos
 and someone passes you the laptop.
 What are you typing into the search at that moment?
 - It depends.
 I mean, as you've learned,
 I'm pretty incapable of a lot of aspects of technologies.
 So it might be like a video on like,
 how to turn on your printer.
 Vine videos, I watch a lot of Vine videos.
 With the start of this channel,
 I've been even more present trying to watch
 so many different channels.
 And it's such a big world.
 I mean, it's the whole world on one platform.
 I think for so long, my internet perception, I suppose,
 which is where most people know me from,
 is through like a press day.
 I always felt like if I revealed too much about myself,
 that then people wouldn't be able to believe me
 as other characters.
 So that's like been something
 that I've always held really close to my chest.
 And so this is kind of a way of trying to break out
 of that line of thought and say that,
 you know, there's a lot that people don't know about me
 and a lot that I guess deep down,
 I've just been too scared to be so vulnerable
 on the internet.
 So that's part of it is, I don't know,
 being more open about my flaws, about who I actually am,
 and not just through like a director's lens
 or through the, I don't know, the safety of a character.
 So far these taste really good,
 but still only two in, right?
 - So far, so far.
 - Yeah.
 - So obviously "Hot Ones" has not been immune
 to the challenges of COVID,
 but the impact on Hollywood has been massive
 with movie releases getting pushed
 and sets completely shut down.
 What's one of the more bizarre things you've heard floated
 for how to get productions back on track?
 You know, you read about doing love scenes
 like as a totally different part of the production
 and then putting that back together in post and stuff.
 - Yeah, there has been talk of,
 if there's any sort of contact that it would have to be CGI.
 Even I think if it, from my understanding,
 even if it was just like a touch on the arm,
 any sort of physical contact would mean
 that the actors would have to be in quarantine
 for like five days before.
 And I think tested on either side of it.
 It's brought from my understanding,
 a lot of the studios together, which is cool.
 So instead of what was before this competition
 of like this versus this,
 it's like everyone has to kind of talk together
 and figure it out together and share notes.
 So that's pretty cool and beautiful.
 And I'm a huge proponent of safety at work.
 So the idea of there being even more conversations
 about how to keep people safe is really good,
 but we'll see, see how it goes.
 Interesting, different flavor profile.
 Spicier.
 - Like a symphony over here, you know?
 - Yeah, okay, I like that one.
 - So I understand that your love of mushrooms
 led you to join a mycology society in Los Angeles,
 where you go out and learn to forage.
 - It's really sweet.
 - Are there any fungi 101 basics
 that you can teach me right now,
 or is it too complicated to reduce
 to tips and tricks for the internet?
 - Like, you know, when you get like your big screen TV
 and like the, the styrofoam that comes with it,
 they're learning how to grow mushrooms
 into the shapes of that.
 So it'd be totally biodegradable.
 That's really cool.
 Another one is mushrooms have been really helpful
 with oil spills.
 They basically put down like a layer of hair
 and then spores and then more hair,
 and then it soaks up the oil.
 And then when they did tests on the mushrooms afterwards,
 there was no like heavy metals or anything in it.
 So they completely purify.
 It's also the first internet.
 That's also a really cool thing
 because you could have a tree fall down,
 you know, miles away in the forest
 and mushrooms that are super far away,
 peel it, respond to it and go and decompose the tree.
 So I think it's just interesting
 with all of the things that humans have invented
 that we're like, we're geniuses.
 We invented the internet.
 It's like, no, mushrooms kind of did it first, sorry.
 Two, oh.
 That's going to be bad.
 - You know, that's the thing.
 Cause we've done a couple of these, you know,
 over the internet and you know, people at home are all like,
 oh, you can't send it to celebrity sauces.
 They won't, they won't sauce the wings right.
 What I've noticed though,
 is everybody's just dumping the sauce on their wings.
 It's actually like.
 - Harder.
 - Way harder.
 - I just couldn't handle the 10 bowls.
 I probably, I mean,
 if you would have made a YouTube video describing it,
 I probably would have done it.
 But since you didn't, this is what we're doing.
 Okay.
 These all taste really good so far.
 - I really liked that one.
 It's, it's starting to cook in the end, but.
 - It does.
 I got a little throat scratch right there.
 - Ooh.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 - What makes Super Mario 3D World, as you put it,
 one of the greatest achievements in Nintendo history?
 - When did I say that?
 Cause I feel like I might say that the new Zelda
 is kind of top that.
 - It was I think a 2014 quote.
 - Yeah.
 So Nintendo has topped itself since then.
 Man, that game blew my mind when it came out
 because I had such a deep love for it
 in its two dimensional form.
 I would have said that same quote
 when Paper Mario came out.
 When Paper Mario came out, I was like,
 this is the greatest achievement.
 I love illusions.
 I love like optical illusions.
 I love magic and games that use that,
 that use, I don't know,
 the idea that there's other worlds,
 other ways of looking at the world,
 which I think like Paper Mario
 and Mario 3D World really did.
 Yeah.
 But Nintendo continues to top itself.
 I mean, I'm a deep Nintendo lover through and through.
 (upbeat music)
 - Los calientes, Rojo.
 - Okay.
 Here we go.
 (upbeat music)
 - Mmm.
 - Hitting right.
 - These all taste really good, by the way.
 Great selection of sausage.
 - Hey, we'll take it.
 All right, Bree, we have a recurring segment
 on our show called Explain That Gram,
 where we do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 - Mmm, great.
 - So I'll show you the picture.
 You just tell me the bigger story.
 What was your biggest pet peeve
 when you were moonlighting as a DJ
 to pay the bills early on in your career?
 - I played like a Coachella pool party thing,
 which I think is from the photo that you're talking about.
 And that was like a peak.
 That was a peak of this guy in a shirt
 that said like fuck swag that came up.
 And he was like, are you playing?
 I'm playing anything good.
 And I was like, no, this is it.
 I don't know what else to tell you.
 But I will say on the flip side,
 introducing people to like,
 obscure music when someone comes up to you and is like,
 what is this?
 And it's like something that you found
 from like a garage sale.
 That was like the best feeling ever.
 I still have all my records from that time
 because I just, I don't know,
 I don't have the heart to give them up.
 I spent so much time collecting them.
 - Here you are with Jabba the Hutt.
 I know that you're a Star Wars obsessive.
 How big a deal was it for you to score a face-to-face
 with the legend?
 - That was amazing.
 Seeing like any sort of moment where it's like
 your whole life is like, you have the separate thing
 where it's like, I love Star Wars
 and Star Wars lives in my TV.
 And then you get to go in the TV.
 That's just pretty cool.
 The other thing was,
 I believe that day was what people don't know
 is that was the day that I went in to get scanned
 for them to start making the Captain Marvel costume.
 So that was like years before anybody even knew.
 It was cool because I was able to share in my excitement
 of that without giving away the larger thing.
 It's like I got to share in the moment
 without actually sharing in the moment.
 - I don't think we'll be able to clear it.
 So we'll get creative and post,
 but what's the backstory on how you ended up
 in the famous Kardashian family bathroom selfie
 at Met Gala?
 - Oh my gosh.
 It's...
 - Careful around the eyes.
 - Oh yeah, you're right.
 You're right.
 Thank you for looking out for me.
 Dang.
 So the Met Ball bathroom is pretty notorious.
 It's like where all the cool kids hang out.
 I had been to Met Ball, I think three times
 and I had never gone to the bathroom
 because sometimes people smoke in there.
 Like I know that you're not supposed to,
 sorry to pull the curtain back, but I have asthma.
 So that's like a number one place I can't go.
 So I went in for the first time
 and my goal was to get in and out as quickly as possible.
 And I was trying to hold my breath
 as much as I could in there
 'cause I didn't want to deal with the smoke.
 As I was moving in to wash my hands
 and I'm washing my hands and holding my breath
 at the same time, the whole thing,
 it was just this like wind of people came in
 and it was just this like, "Oh, no, no, no, no, no,
 you're gonna stand over here
 and you're gonna be here like this."
 And they're like, "No, you're not in the picture."
 And I was washing my hands, I was being squished
 as I was washing my hands and I couldn't move.
 I just kept muttering to myself like,
 "Oh no, oh no, oh no, like I'm not supposed to be here."
 It's like, you know, all these cool kids
 and then like, "I am not supposed to be in this photo."
 And also they're all holding their phones up
 and I couldn't really tell if I was in it or not.
 There was like one of the people from the photo
 turned to me and was like,
 "You need to chill and just be here."
 And I was like, "Okay."
 And so I like smiled in a way that was like,
 I'm panicked 'cause I don't know if I'm in this or not.
 I am truly here only because I washed my hands.
 Is my publicist gonna be upset about this?
 Like, I don't know any of these people.
 And then I think, I mean,
 by the time I walked back to my chair,
 it was like, it was done, it was done.
 I was, it was, it had happened.
 And I don't hate it.
 I think it's pretty funny.
 (dramatic music)
 Oh, oh, oh, hello.
 She has a story.
 She started off one way and then she turned on me.
 - There's a whole plot arc over here.
 - Wow.
 Okay.
 Not mad though.
 - So you've been pretty vocal about wanting
 to protect your anonymity as an actor.
 Once explaining to writer Kate Erblund,
 "I think it ruins movies if you know my favorite brand
 of potato chip or whatever."
 Does your decision to start a YouTube channel
 signify some sort of shift in that thinking?
 Like, do you think you're maybe becoming less guarded
 in that respect?
 - I would imagine whenever I did that article,
 like I wasn't Captain Marvel.
 It was like, there was a little bit more leeway
 between what it was that I was doing.
 And I made the decision to be Captain Marvel
 and I knew what came with that.
 And so with that,
 it's been a really beautiful experience actually.
 I would imagine when I did that article,
 if there had ever been a paparazzi photo,
 it would have left me in a full on panic attack
 because it felt so jarring and scary and exposing.
 And now, like honestly, like if I see a paparazzi,
 I'm like, "Hi."
 And they're like, "Hi, Bri."
 It's just different for me now.
 And I've found that whenever I've read an interview
 or a biography or watched a video with an artist that I love
 and they're very candid and they're flawed
 and I get to see their process,
 I feel like, "Oh my God, yes."
 Like, I'm not the only one who feels like that.
 And I just started to realize
 that like I was being too self-preservational.
 Is that a word?
 Self-preservating more than I needed to, I suppose.
 Still was, still really good.
 I'm okay still.
 Am I?
 (dramatic music)
 Interesting, very on brand for me, thank you.
 Okay.
 Oh no, that was a big pour, but I'm gonna do it.
 - Maybe wipe some down or something.
 - For a while, it's that bad, huh?
 - And this back half, it's pretty hot lineup this year.
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 - It jumped.
 Woo!
 - Yep.
 - Oh.
 And yet I'm gonna do it again.
 - We're going up, whoa.
 Whoa.
 - I enjoyed it.
 (dramatic music)
 - Okay, I don't know if I should have done that,
 but I did it.
 - So Bria, I understand that you've been captivated
 by classic cinema from an early age,
 sometimes annoying your mother, who'd come home to you,
 hogging the remote to watch French film noir
 in black and white.
 Is there a movie made in the last year or two
 that you think will be considered a classic film
 50 years from now?
 - I think there's a great chance
 that "Portrait of a Lady on Fire"
 will be considered a classic.
 - Which classic movie would you pull off the shelf
 for someone who's trying to heal a broken heart?
 - What's coming to mind is "The Umbrellas of Cherbourg,"
 but it's like a pretty epic love story, so.
 - Honestly, nothing matters right now
 because this is so spicy.
 - Can you suggest a cult classic that's special to you,
 but maybe won't click with everyone who watches it?
 - Oh, yeah, that's basically all of my favorite movies.
 "Bagabond" by Agnes Bardot
 is I think one of the most important pieces
 of female representation,
 specific to that period of time and then also now.
 Scenes from a marriage.
 It's not really a movie, but it was a series.
 That is amazing.
 That is one of my favorites.
 - And then finally, what classic movie would you recommend
 to an adrenaline junkie who's never seen anything
 outside of the Marvel universe?
 - An adrenaline junkie, like "Into the Dragon?"
 I would consider that a classic.
 Like, I don't know how far back we're going,
 but I think getting into the Bruce Lee catalog
 is definitely, there's so much passion,
 so much excitement, so much artistry.
 Like, wow.
 Wow.
 I was just, I've been rewatching some of his stuff.
 It's really good.
 - All right, Brie.
 - Okay, yes.
 - Are you ready to move on here?
 This is the- - It's coming out my nose, yeah.
 - Beyond insanity.
 - Um.
 - How was your digestive system, by the way, doing the show?
 Like, are you compromised in any way?
 Are you-
 - I think that I've permanently become something else.
 The problem is, you know, like, we've been taking a break
 from production for these reasons, you know?
 It's like now though, I feel like I have to relearn it all.
 Like, I'm going through the same thing.
 Like, I'm sweating when I usually don't right now.
 - Girl, interesting.
 Ready?
 - Ready.
 (dramatic music)
 - Media.
 - This is like what I imagine it feels like
 to change form as a Pokemon.
 (laughs)
 So, the internet as we know it today
 has become a tool for character actors.
 I've heard people talk about, you know,
 studying YouTube videos to get accents down,
 or when Margot Robbie was on the show,
 she said that she'd watch it
 so that she could understand the reaction of people
 when they get electrocuted.
 So this is a relatively new phenomenon.
 - Oh yeah, for sure.
 Like when I did "Short Term 12."
 (dramatic music)
 Am I different yet?
 I feel like I'm taking a new form.
 "Short Term 12," I would find on like message boards
 and things.
 Interviews with people, you know,
 they do like ask me anythings.
 I was playing a social worker.
 And you could get a lot of really great info.
 I don't know what else to say
 other than the internet teaches me things.
 (dramatic music)
 - What do you find special about Reddit?
 You once said that it's the only place
 where you really enjoy reading the comments.
 - Oh yeah, I don't go that way anymore.
 (laughing)
 Reddit became terrible.
 But it was a helpful tool to me at one point.
 I can't remember, maybe like eight years ago or so,
 it like turned for me and I was like, yeah, no.
 Maybe it was less than eight, six years ago, yeah.
 Well, thank you.
 - All right, Brie Larson.
 Two more to go.
 - Oh God.
 This is like, has anyone ever talked to you
 about like doing this?
 Like if people could buy the sauces
 and do this as like a first date or something,
 like this feels like a pretty like intense way
 of just like get right to it or like a job interview.
 - Maybe that is like just a kit, the icebreaker kit.
 - Just like get to the baseline.
 Okay.
 I can't even like, like my arms are different now.
 Like my arms are like just dug into my legs.
 Like I'm contorted.
 - But you know what?
 You know what, Captain Marvel?
 You're still standing.
 You're still standing.
 - I'm still standing.
 I want to be brave, but I'm scared.
 Look at my body.
 I'm like hugging myself.
 - What do you see as the biggest difference
 between fans who recognize you from Avengers
 and fans who know you from short-term 12?
 - Right, so if it's like a fan of Captain Marvel,
 it'll usually be something like,
 Captain Marvel, Captain Marvel.
 Like something like, yeah.
 It kind of makes me think of like someone shouting
 from like far away.
 Like they don't want to like necessarily like say hi,
 but they're just like, yo.
 I did my first con experience, you know?
 There was somebody who made like a short-term 12 like t-shirt
 and it's so sweet because that's the interesting thing
 about being in movies or being in TV.
 It's so different from being like a standup comedian
 or being a musician where you're constantly
 in the presence of the people that are consuming
 the things that you're making.
 Like I'm not, unless I go to like a con
 or something like that.
 I don't know.
 And so it's really cool to have that,
 these shared moments of recognizing that something
 that you made that really mattered to you has, you know,
 mattered to them or changed them in some way.
 And you're just now learning about it.
 Cool.
 - All right, Brie Larson.
 - Oh God.
 - This is the last dab.
 We call it the last dab because it's tradition around here
 to put a little extra on the last wing.
 But I see you already know the drill.
 - Oh God.
 (bottle popping)
 - Okay.
 - Cheers. - Cheers.
 - Okay, Brie Larson, here we are at the end
 of our wild spicy wing ride
 and only one more bump in the road.
 As we mentioned in the beginning,
 you're now braving a brand new world on YouTube.
 So now with your mouth on fire,
 let's just talk through some of the basics, okay?
 - Uh-huh.
 - First things first, how are you gonna open each video?
 You can't say what's J-Blin, J-Bles.
 That one's taken by Jack Black.
 - Help, it's Brie Larson.
 All I can hear in my head right now 'cause it's so spicy
 is like my inner child is going, "Help."
 Hey, you two.
 I have to have, sup YouTube.
 - That's great, that's great.
 Number two, what are you gonna call your army of fans?
 Brie Larsoners?
 - Yeah, that's a good question.
 Do they name themselves or do I name them?
 It feels like they should name themselves.
 - Finally, can you sign off?
 - Smash that like.
 Please subscribe.
 - You heard her, that's Brie Larson speaking the truth
 and look at you, Brie, taking down 10 scorching hot
 vegan nuggets in the comfort of your own home.
 Now there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you, Brie.
 This camera or possibly a camera B if you've set one up,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Hi, I'm Brie Larson.
 I decided to start a YouTube channel.
 We're here, I feel extreme presence.
 Smash the like or don't.
 Just sub, sub, subscribe.
 Like it and subscribe it.
 (clapping)
 - Good job, Brie, good job.
 - It's actually a good kind of high.
 Like it's the high that I was talking about
 like when I went to that restaurant in India
 where you're just kind of like, wow, what is life?
 What do you do with yourself after this?
 Are you gonna do try and like upload everything to Dropbox
 while you're still high from your spice?
 - Hey, what's going on Hot Ones fans?
 This is Sean Evans checking in to give you
 the origin story behind Los Calientes Rojo.
 So a few months back we decided to go
 completely bizarre world and went Dr. Frankenstein
 on all of our sauces and started mixing
 and matching the peppers and just put it out.
 Thought it'd be a stupid one time thing,
 but we accidentally through that science experiment
 created one of the greatest sauces of all time.
 Los Calientes Rojo.
 Get your bottle at heatness.com
 to get a bottle of Los Calientes Rojo.
 Los Calientes Rojo, accidentally delicious.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
