 (gasps)
 Do people get panicky?
 - Sometimes.
 - I'm feeling kind of panicky.
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we welcome Dan Levy to the hot seat.
 He's the co-creator and star of pop TVs hit series,
 Schitt's Creek, which just wrapped its sixth
 and final season and will hit streaming
 on Netflix later this year.
 Dan Levy, welcome to the show.
 - Thank you so much for having me.
 I want to say this is one of my dreams come true.
 So it's a big moment for me.
 I just shot a movie with Kristen Stewart
 and the first question I asked her was about Hot Ones.
 What it was like, how she thought it went.
 And Kristen being just like the coolest person
 I've ever met, basically was like, "Yeah, dude, it's fine."
 And I was thinking to myself,
 if I ever get the opportunity to do this show,
 I don't think it's going to be fine for me.
 So she's basically like made it impossible
 for me to be anything but cool today.
 I'm ready.
 (dramatic music)
 That's good.
 That's very good.
 - So Schitt's Creek has inspired such cult fandom.
 I think we'd be remiss not to just get into the weeds
 of that show here on the first wing.
 Factor fiction, you and Noah Reed had to down an entire
 bottle of Prosecco to work up the nerve
 to do that simply the best number in season four.
 - Yeah, I'm not a performer in that nature
 and I certainly don't dance often.
 So I knew that we were shooting the scene.
 The two of us just like casually started having
 some glasses of Prosecco.
 And by the time that we were ready to shoot,
 we had realized that we had downed
 pretty much an entire bottle.
 And what you see on the show is the direct result
 of a lot of method acting.
 - I've heard you say that this last season
 is like a love letter to the fans
 and without giving too much away or spoiling it
 for the people who are waiting to watch the show on Netflix.
 Is there an Easter egg that's your favorite
 that you've woven into the plot?
 - We had this running gag of our town sign
 where the joke was the couple on the town sign
 looked like they're having sex.
 And in actuality, it's just the sister bending over
 to get some water and the brother behind her.
 But the illusion is something sexual.
 So originally in season one, there was a sign
 that had to be put up on top of the sign to clarify,
 don't worry, it's his sister.
 So by the last season, we did a little play
 on the confusion of brother, sister, husband and wife
 that I thought was a fun little callback.
 - And then finally, do you have a favorite vocabulary word
 that you've learned writing
 for Catherine O'Hara's character Moira?
 (laughing)
 - All of it was, I wanna say
 that they've stuck.
 I wanna say that my vocabulary actually expanded
 through this process.
 It did not.
 Her calling me a disgruntled pelican
 was a fun little descriptive that made it into the show
 that I was quite proud of.
 It was such a joy to write for Catherine
 and to write for a character
 whose vocabulary is so left of center.
 It just constantly forced our team of writers
 to be thinking of different ways
 of saying very simple things.
 And it was, I will miss that a lot.
 (upbeat music)
 So far, so good for me.
 - So I know that you're very involved
 in everyone's wardrobe on Schitt's Creek,
 not just your own character.
 What's the math or process for finding clothes
 that makes sense for a show shot in small town America?
 - For us, it was a lot of consignment shopping
 because we didn't have a budget
 to buy the kind of designer clothes that we needed to,
 but it was really important for me
 to authenticate the characters in the show
 by actually having them wear clothes
 that people who pay attention to fashion
 might be interested in.
 So the whole process led to building
 that kind of relationship between the humor in the show
 and the wardrobe.
 - How do you describe the aesthetic appeal of Rick Owens
 to someone who knows nothing about fashion?
 - It sort of just looks like everything's dropped a bit.
 The proportions have like elongated.
 Your t-shirts are much longer.
 The crotch of your pants is about a foot lower
 than where you'd expect it.
 It is the most comfortable clothes I have ever worn
 and I took a lot of it home with me when the show ended.
 - And then you do a lot of things well,
 but one thing that really stands out to me
 and you're wearing one today,
 it's your impeccable taste when it comes to sweaters.
 Are there any do's and don'ts
 when it comes to shopping for sweaters?
 And then of course the upkeep.
 - Well, the upkeep is important.
 You have to know how to store them.
 You need to know the quality of the fiber.
 Mob loves sweaters, so it's about getting some cedar
 kind of in and around the drawers where you're keeping them.
 I feel like for menswear now more than ever before,
 we have so many more options available to us
 than when I was growing up.
 So the knitwear game across the board,
 I think has just been raised
 and I'm very glad that it has.
 - And then finally, as a mall employee turned fit god,
 do you have a snap reaction to this news
 of Kanye West designing a Yeezy line for Gap?
 - I will say that I, you know,
 the Gap collaborations that they've done over the years
 and Gap and GQ have done a lot of collaborations together
 with menswear designers, they've all been great.
 So I'll take a pair of sweatpants.
 (upbeat music)
 All right, so this one-- - Number three.
 - Chipotle habanero, yep.
 - Okay.
 Okay.
 So that has a kick to it that the other ones didn't.
 - It's our first sort of taking it up a notch moment.
 It's like a deep pepper, but it's almost like a fruit.
 - It is a deep pepper.
 - Mm-hmm.
 - I got, just so you know,
 I have three different beverages for today.
 I have a milkshake, I have some soda,
 and I have some water.
 And I just wanted to make sure
 that I was able to see what combats the heat best.
 - Well, please report your findings.
 I'm always looking for tips. - I like the milkshake.
 The milkshake is doing well for me.
 - So from reading articles about your time at MTV,
 it seems like you'd agree with something
 that I've been thinking about for the longest,
 and that is that red carpet correspondent
 is the single worst job in all of media.
 - Oh man, I was so bad at it.
 I will give a lot of credit to red carpet reporters
 because for an award show, for example,
 you get a book this thick of every single person
 who is going to walk down that red carpet,
 and you have to learn not only who they are,
 what they look like, but also their entire filmography,
 and usually some kind of like quirky trivia.
 And then it's just trying desperately
 to get a soundbite out of someone as they pass right by you.
 It was not fun, but there are,
 I mean, there are some people
 that have mastered the art of it.
 I was certainly not one of them.
 - Do you think that your experience doing interviews
 did anything to change or inform
 how you approach being a talk show guest?
 - I mean, you do such a beautiful job of it,
 but I think obviously the questions
 have to be kind of interesting,
 but also people have to talk.
 And I, you know, as someone who has interviewed a lot,
 you know, if nothing was worse
 than getting one word answers out of somebody
 and then running out of your questions,
 but you still have a chunk of time left,
 you've got to have a level of charm.
 And I think that's my big thing
 through any kind of interview situation is like,
 you've got to have genuine interest
 in the people you're talking to,
 because I feel like people at home
 can just see right through it when it's not very genuine.
 I quite like this one.
 This is very flavorful.
 Mm-hmm.
 That's nice.
 - So you're the latest in an illustrious line
 of Canadian Hot Ones guests,
 which include Michael Cera, Maddie Matheson,
 Shawn Mendes, and now you, Dan Levy.
 As a Degrassi alum and Toronto native,
 do you recall your first ever meeting with Drake?
 - It was at an airport,
 and he and some of the Degrassi kids
 were getting off a plane as I was getting on.
 And we kind of said hi to each other in passing.
 And we had never met before,
 but I think being in Canadian television,
 you kind of had a general awareness of who each other are.
 And then years later, I was sitting at a restaurant
 and he was sitting across the restaurant.
 It was just that game of like,
 I don't wanna go and say something
 and then have him not remember.
 Anyway, at the end of his meal,
 he came up and just said hi as he was walking by.
 And I was like, well, there you go.
 I guess he does remember.
 - How do you describe or explain Degrassi
 for people who only know it
 from those Drake wheelchair Jimmy memes?
 - Well, it started in the '80s,
 and it's like a very earnest, serious approach
 to high school drama that always has
 like a cautionary tale element to it.
 If you're an actor in Canada,
 you will inevitably kind of go through the process
 of appearing on Degrassi.
 And it is a coming of age moment for all Canadian actors.
 And I did it quite late in the game.
 And it was an experience that was quite interesting.
 (upbeat music)
 So this evolves in the mouth.
 It's a very fragrant bouquet of flavors
 that almost tastes like,
 it almost tastes like you've just gotten
 a big whiff of someone's armpit.
 It is like a gamey, musky flavor that's not going away.
 - All right, Dan, well, while you wash that down,
 we have a recurring segment on our show called
 Explain That Grant, where we do a deep dive
 on our guest's Instagram, pull interesting pictures
 that need more context.
 I'd be remiss not to ask you about your dog, Redmond.
 What are your thoughts on Los Angeles dog culture?
 Like, is it insufferable or is it kind of sweet
 that everyone kind of celebritizes their pets?
 - I think it's probably a bit of both.
 I think everyone needs to just put their phones down
 for a second and just generally reevaluate what's going on.
 I think if you're getting mad at people for standing
 in the shot of your dog's Instagram post,
 you've got bigger problems on your hands.
 - Do you have a favorite keepsake
 from the set of "Schitt's Creek"?
 The Cafe Tropical jerseys, I think,
 would be at the top of my list.
 - (laughs) I have taken home a handful of those menus
 from the show, and we had them made kind of oversized
 so that you couldn't actually open them
 without looking like a total idiot.
 I kept a bunch of those.
 I kept a bunch of the little,
 I kept some framed illustrations
 from our little motel room.
 I am not good with letting go,
 so I've actually taken most of the things from our set
 and just kind of have them in my garage.
 Yeah, it was a tough thing to say goodbye to those sets,
 so, yeah.
 This is a heavy dowsing, okay?
 (dramatic music)
 That has some of that pepper poison in it.
 A lot of pepper poison in that one.
 Okay.
 All right, okay.
 One thing that stands out to me
 is that you proactively chose to end "Schitt's Creek,"
 and it's such a character-driven drama
 that you probably could have done
 another 100-plus episodes.
 Can you talk through the why of that?
 It's something that I'd associate
 with British comedies, even,
 or if you think about "The Office"
 or Phoebe Waller-Bridge's "Fleabag."
 - Yeah, the storytelling of television is so important,
 and I am such a fan of television
 that I understand how quickly a legacy of a show
 can be tarnished by overextending itself.
 And for me, it was so important
 that people walk away at the end of our show
 still loving it as much as they did when they started.
 So a lot of that, I think, was just deciding
 this is as far as we can go right now with quality,
 keeping the quality up,
 making sure that the stories are strong.
 'Cause I would hate to take a show past its expiry date
 and have people suddenly say,
 "Yeah, I watched it until episode six,
 "and then it sort of got."
 That's not what you want.
 My tongue's on fire.
 My tongue is on fire.
 I have watched people knife and fork their wings
 so as to not get the hot sauce on their lips.
 I respect the choice, but if you're gonna do it,
 I feel like it should be the whole experience.
 So I'm saying this because I do have a knife and fork
 in front of me, and I've opted not to use them right now.
 - Let the record show.
 - All right, here we go.
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (gasps)
 That gets right into the back of the throat.
 That is...
 That's full coverage.
 That's not going away anytime soon.
 - No.
 We're in it.
 We are in it, man. - Do you hand select
 each of these sauces?
 - Thank you for asking, actually.
 I'm not sure how much time you spend
 in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, but there's a hot sauce store
 there called Heatnest, and the guy who runs it,
 he's kind of like our hot sauce sensei.
 So we go to him, and then we get all these hot sauces
 lined up, you know, bring in new makers,
 take old ones out, shuffle it up every season.
 And then what we want, though,
 is exactly what you're experiencing,
 which is this symphony.
 Little tongue, little lip, throat.
 He snaps that whole Rubik's cube into place.
 (dramatic music)
 - So your father comedy legend Eugene Levy
 played Jim's dad in American Pie,
 a film that explicitly deals with awkward
 father-teen relationship dynamics?
 - Uh-huh.
 - What do you remember about being 15 years old
 and that being the number one movie in the world?
 It must have been a unique role to see your dad play,
 especially at that age.
 - Yeah, well...
 (laughs)
 You know, I think a lot of...
 At the time, my...
 Oh, shit.
 A lot of people came up and asked me
 whether the movie was based on my life.
 My story is way less interesting.
 I did not have sex with a pie, unfortunately.
 Oh.
 Uh-huh.
 - How would you rank yourself against others
 who've played your dad's son on camera?
 (laughs)
 - I feel like Jason Biggs did a more successful job at it
 than I did.
 And I ran into Jason recently, and in a way,
 it feels like every time I see him,
 he's a strange sort of extended member of my family.
 But I'm very at peace with the fact that Jason
 did a very good job of playing his son.
 And I think he still prefers Jason to me, let's be honest.
 Okay.
 - All right, this is Da Bomb Beyond Insanity.
 - Okay.
 - Be careful.
 - Oh, no.
 What is this?
 Oh, man.
 That's not pleasant.
 This is not pleasant.
 - Careful around your eyes.
 Careful around your eyes.
 (gasps)
 - Do people get panicky?
 - Sometimes.
 - I'm feeling kind of panicky.
 Like I can't-- - It's okay, remember.
 Remember you're in the comfort of your own home.
 So before your career took off in Hollywood,
 I know that you strung together a series of odd jobs,
 some of which you used for inspiration
 in writing "Schitt's Creek."
 As someone who worked in a video rental store,
 what are people who've never browsed the shelves
 at Blockbuster missing out on?
 - I don't know.
 I don't know what they're missing out on.
 - In addition to co-hosting the "Great Canadian Baking Show,"
 I know that you worked in a literal bakery.
 What do you think is the goat bakery smell?
 (sniffs)
 - Probably like a...
 Probably like a...
 Like a baked butter.
 Like a chocolate chip cookie or a croissant or something.
 Like anytime that something's drenched in butter
 that cooks, I think there's like a very...
 Like a quintessential smell.
 I ate a lot at that bakery.
 Like a lot.
 Like I didn't have any restraint at that bakery.
 - You also have the rare distinction having worked at ICM
 and then later on working in Hollywood.
 And ICM, for those who don't know,
 is one of the world's biggest talent agencies.
 - Uh-huh.
 - What would shock me about what my agent says
 or does behind my back?
 (dramatic music)
 Um, probably that all the times
 you try to get in touch with them
 and they say they can't come to the phone
 or they're out to lunch,
 they're not out to lunch and they can come to the phone.
 They just don't want to.
 (sighs)
 (dramatic music)
 (slurping)
 - Why do I find that one not to be as bad?
 Is it because my mouth is now numb?
 - You've already been smoked out.
 We were in the shower and now it's raining.
 You know, who cares?
 (laughing)
 - Uh-huh.
 It comes in waves.
 You're really, they take shifts, these...
 The heat.
 - I've heard this analogy before,
 but it's like professional wrestlers.
 You know, when they start showboating in the ring,
 that's when someone takes a steel chair
 and smashes it over their head.
 - Yeah.
 - That's when you're in that space
 where you think that you're okay,
 that they come back and get you.
 - Oh, oh no.
 - What are figure skating faces?
 And then where does doing a segment on them
 during the Vancouver Olympics rank
 in terms of your broadcasting accomplishments?
 - Where did you find these things?
 - Google figure skating faces.
 You will find a collection of the most wonderful faces
 made by figure skaters who are sort of like,
 like caught mid axle.
 There's a lot of like high intensity spinning that happens
 that actually like morphs your face
 into all of these different, very funny contortions.
 So we would do this segment where we would...
 My brain's not working anymore.
 Where we would just show kind of screen grabs
 of all of these different figure skaters at the Olympics
 who ended up having these kind of very funny contorted faces.
 And yeah, it was a big, it was a career highlight.
 Certainly enough for you to bring it up.
 Now I'm burping.
 And Canada won the Olympics that year and we won hockey.
 You know, it was a very proud moment for us Canadians.
 - Do you have a two sentence review
 of the lifetime original movie "Cyber Stalker"?
 - It's bad.
 How about that?
 And if I was allowed a third word, it's very bad.
 Yeah, that was one of my first gigs as an actor.
 And I played a wheelchair ridden cyber stalker murderer
 not to give the movie away.
 - And then finally, "Cosmopolitans".
 Guilty pleasure or timeless classic?
 (coughing)
 - When made right with the fresh ingredients,
 they are very, very refreshing.
 And I love a pink cocktail, I'm not gonna lie.
 Reminds me of being on vacation.
 - All right, Dan Levy.
 That's perfect.
 How much am I dabbing in it?
 - You know what, it's up to you, Dan.
 It's up to you. - All right.
 - Cheers.
 - Cheers, this has been a treat.
 I can't say it was entirely enjoyable,
 but I had a great time.
 - Hey, we'll take that, we'll take that.
 (laughing)
 - Well, I say that before I eat this, so here goes.
 (gentle music)
 - All right, Dan Levy, here we are at the final stop
 on our hot wing journey.
 And boy, have we covered a lot of ground.
 From your MTV roots all the way through
 to your Emmy nominated triumph that is Schitt's Creek.
 But one thing that we've overlooked
 is your column in Flare Magazine,
 where you used to do life advice on everything
 from financial responsibility
 to dealing with technology overload.
 So drawing on your time as an internet era philosopher,
 what's your directive to the fans watching right now
 who maybe feel withdrawn in this year
 of just physical and social isolation?
 - I think what I proved through your
 very thorough investigation of my career
 is that I really hustled in a variety of different mediums
 to figure out what I wanted to do with my life.
 I think that one of the great things
 that has come out of this whole time
 has been a kind of connection that I don't know
 if we necessarily would have had
 had we not all been in our homes.
 A connection to what's going on politically,
 a connection to what's going on socially,
 a connection to what's going on in our families
 and in our friends.
 I think before people were so scared
 of even picking up the phone, it was a text culture.
 We were in a way kind of quite separated from one another.
 And I think this has really kind of brought people
 closer in a strange way.
 Everyone's been at home and we've all been communicating
 and we've all been having conversations
 and those conversations have been quite meaningful.
 So I think you have to kind of see the good in the bad
 and hope for the best in terms of the future.
 So,
 yeah.
 - Well, if Dan Levy says it, then you know it's the truth.
 And look at you, Dan, taking down 10 scorching hot wings
 and keeping the sweater on all the way through.
 Pits look dry, still looking good.
 Glass is not even fogging up.
 And now there's nothing left to do,
 but roll out the red carpet for you, my friend.
 This camera or possibly a camera B if you've set one up,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Well, I am
 (clears throat)
 celebrating the end of our show.
 It still has to drop on Netflix in October,
 which is very exciting 'cause there'll still be a group
 of people who haven't seen the last season yet.
 But for now it's, you know, just keep pushing forward
 and creating some stuff that people like
 and that kind of means something.
 So that's the goal and I'm keeping my fingers crossed for it.
 (clapping)
 I keep doing a round of applause as well.
 This was really, really something.
 I would say by the fact that my milkshake is finished,
 that was the most effective tool in combating the heat.
 Unnamed cola brand did not help me very much.
 I find the carbonation almost made my tongue like even worse
 and I didn't even get to the water.
 So.
 - So there you have it.
 There you have the results.
 - Highly recommended milkshake.
 Born from a delicious accident,
 the classic garlic Fresno edition came to be
 when we accidentally took a batch of the classic
 and mixed it with 10 times the amount of garlic
 recommended in the recipe.
 Whoops.
 Well, you know what?
 At that point, a star was born.
 The classic garlic Fresno edition is now available
 at heatness.com.
 Heatness.com to pick up your bottle
 of the classic garlic Fresno edition around here.
 We call it the blue label.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 You
