 There's like a nice little head rush sometimes when you get that hot fading.
 That's enjoyable.
 Hey what's going on everybody?
 From First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we close out another year of the show with Daniel Radcliffe.
 He's of course known the world over for his role as Harry Potter in the 8 film series
 as well as his work on Broadway, TV and film.
 You can catch his latest projects, Escape from Pretoria and the Kimmy Schmidt interactive
 special which are both streaming on Netflix now.
 Daniel Radcliffe, welcome to the show.
 Hello, thank you so much for having me.
 This is both exciting and terrifying.
 Let me try to calm you down just a little bit.
 How are you with spicy food?
 Like is it something that you reach for?
 Do you reach for the hot sauce?
 I mean I think I do, but I'm now realizing that like, and having watched the show and
 become aware of the Scoville scale as a thing, I realized that I don't know where anything
 that I've ever eaten ranks on that scale.
 So I think of myself as being someone who likes hot sauce and spicy foods, but everything
 I've ever had might be like at this end over here.
 And today I will experience what the other end is like.
 So we'll see.
 So long since I've been this like legitimately nervous for an interview.
 It's a really cool thing.
 Yeah, I mean that's great.
 So I want to start by talking about your latest film, Escape from Pretoria, which tells the
 real life story of three political prisoners escaping a prison in South Africa in the late
 1970s.
 And it really is such a unique and daring escape.
 When you think about your real life conversations with the actual Tim Jenkins, what stands out
 to you when you think about what he says and how it all actually worked out?
 The amazing thing about Tim, so for anyone that doesn't know like a little bit about
 the story, basically one of the reasons I was so into this film and the script was that
 it just seemed like it was a true story and it was the true story of one of the most sort
 of unimaginably brilliant escapes that I ever thought of.
 And I was like, how is this not more widely known about?
 Tim Jenkins, the guy I play, worked out that the locks were like big enough.
 If I can gather enough wood from the workshop, I can just like make a key that fits out of
 wood.
 It's a very, very cool story.
 How many takes did it take you to unlock the door from inside of your cell using a broomstick
 attached to a key?
 So many.
 And I'm glad you asked that question.
 I mean, I will, this is like, I'm not generally a person who's given to bragging or talking
 myself up, but I will say I was the only one of us that managed to actually do it.
 It was definitely like getting to the point where I was like, I can do it, I can do it.
 And the director was like, no, we can fake it in editing.
 It's really okay.
 And I was like, no, no, no, please wait, give me one more try.
 And it was like, yeah, but we really want lunch.
 Like can we please stop doing this?
 And eventually like I got one complete take, which did make it into the film.
 And I was honestly, it's like my best work in the film is the moment I'm proudest of.
 Very happy with this.
 This is all that.
 Holding onto this feeling of enjoying them.
 So one of the most underrated British exports are its TV quiz show and panel games, which
 oftentimes spawn popular remakes all over the world.
 As a trivia head yourself, how do you explain Britain's obsession with the quiz show format?
 So okay.
 First of all, British quiz shows on the BBC are my favorite because they, because it's
 a government funded like thing, they can't be seen to be like too crazy with giving away
 money.
 So like people really aren't just doing it for the love of the quizzes.
 It's one of the holes in my cultural life in America.
 I definitely do miss.
 And that's why like, I have to say, you know, Jeopardy has really filled that void.
 So very sad about the Alex Trebek news as the world rightly was.
 Yeah.
 Let's talk about Jeopardy for a second.
 Cause I know that that's a show that you've made a habit of recording whenever you're
 in the States.
 Did you see in 2014, they had an entire category dedicated to Daniel Radcliffe?
 I know.
 No, that was, yeah, that was my, my, my attention was drawn to that.
 That was a crazily cool moment.
 The moment I see a question about myself on a quiz show and I don't get excited is the
 moment I know I've kind of died a little bit inside.
 Um, cause there is just like some weird like, Hey, that's me.
 That's so crazy.
 Um, things that happens that is, uh, yeah, that I would buy was, yeah, I was very, I
 was thrilled by that.
 And then of course we have to talk about Alex Trebek.
 It's been so great to see all these moving tributes to a guy who just seems like he was
 a part of our lives for decades.
 What in your opinion is the magic of Trebek as a host in that quiz show format?
 I think it's that he, um, he, you could really tell how much he liked loved the competition
 and the game of it.
 Um, and like, you know, you would see him get like slightly not annoyed, but like when
 you didn't like when, when somebody didn't clear a board and when there was still a few
 questions left or when like nobody ended up with much money because nobody had done really
 well, he'd just be like, okay, well, you know, we'll come back for double jeopardy after
 the break and I'm sure we'll all do better then.
 You could tell that he loved seeing people that were really smart do well.
 And that is the essential joy of a quiz show.
 And to be the only person that's ever hosted that.
 I mean, uh, I, I'm sure they'll find someone, you know, incredible for that job.
 My God, they have gigantic shoes to fill.
 Wait, this is where DJ Khaled stopped.
 Each season we put out different sauces, but yeah, the equivalent to the third.
 Okay.
 No, this is okay.
 I'm still, I'm, I'm still in.
 So you've likely spent thousands of hours of your life fielding Harry Potter questions.
 So I apologize before we get going, but you know, the audience, they would revolt if we
 didn't take a wing to discuss your role in one of the top grossing film franchises of
 all time.
 Can you give me one highlight and one low light when it comes to the food that you had
 to eat in the world of Harry Potter?
 Yeah, definitely.
 The crazy like banquet scenes at Hogwarts where there was all like, you know, the, the
 breakfast particularly where it was just like, I was just a 11, 12 year old child just piling
 on fried eggs and bacon and sausages and baked beans every morning for just days.
 That was great.
 And then in one of the films I have to eat, Gillyweed, that I think was like black licorice
 lace was designed, you know, it was designed to look like a kind of underwater seaweed plant
 that I could then like shovel down my throat.
 And that was, that was pretty gross.
 I remember by like the third or fourth take of that, I was like, Oh, I, how many more
 of these are we going to do?
 I read that you wore out something like 60 or 70 wands and went through 160 pairs of
 glasses.
 Are those reports exaggerated or does that sound accurate to you?
 They are, I would definitely say they are exaggerated.
 The glasses one massively so, like I definitely didn't break the glasses that often at all.
 I don't think.
 The wands I definitely like broke a lot cause I would just like drum on my legs with it
 all the time and do that incessantly.
 And so probably like once every like three or four weeks, it was just like weakened to
 the point where it snapped.
 And then I would say I was very sorry to the prop master and he would give me a look like,
 please stop drumming.
 They yeah, they were very, very sweet with us and tolerated more than I hope they would
 from an adult actor.
 I've heard that that scene in Professor McGonagall's classroom had something like 60 animals on
 the same set.
 Is that true and if so, what do you remember about that day?
 Debating whether to know, I mean that I have to tell the story you've asked about like
 such a specific thing in that McGonagall classroom.
 I definitely remember that there was a there were a lot of animals first of all to address
 that part of the question.
 They must have had upwards of 60 there.
 I don't imagine they were often all on set together.
 But definitely in that scene in the transfiguration classroom, there was a monkey of some kind
 in a cage that did just start jerking off relentlessly.
 But generally speaking, the animals were very well behaved.
 Although I think Rupert maybe got peed on by a bat at one point as well.
 But yeah, I got away pretty cleanly after that.
 That's very nice.
 So in addition to your TV and film resume, you've also taken your talents to the stage,
 even receiving a Stare and Drama Desk Award nominations for your work in How to Succeed
 in Business and Equus respectively.
 Which is a tougher crowd to please, movie critics or theatre buffs?
 I mean, I think there is like there used to be more of a divide about like actors who
 do film coming to stage and you used to get, I think, theatre critics that would just inherently
 kind of not like actors if they had been mostly from movies or like they were coming into
 it.
 But I think that isn't really a thing anymore either.
 I definitely am not somebody who has particularly suffered from that.
 I can't split them.
 I think if you do something shitty, everyone's hard to please.
 And hopefully if you do something good, then the people that it's for will like it.
 I'm feeling confident.
 I'm going to have more on the other side.
 Okay, no, fine so far.
 Alright Daniel, we have a recurring segment on our show called Explain That Gram where
 we do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram, pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 But you Daniel, you've thrown us for a loop because you have no social media whatsoever
 to speak of.
 And it's probably for the best, but why have you decided to stay off the apps?
 I would love to say there's some incredibly thought out intellectual reason for this because
 I considered getting a Twitter at one point and I 100% know that if I did, you would all
 be waking up to stories of like, "Dan Radcliffe gets into a fight with random person on Twitter."
 When I was younger, not anymore, thank God, I used to like look up comments about myself
 on the internet and would like read shit like that.
 That is an insane and bad thing to do.
 And to me, like Twitter and everything just sort of feels like an extension of that.
 And like, if you have to, like, unless I was going to go on and just like read nice things
 about myself, which also feels like another kind of unhealthy thing to do.
 Other than that, I just, I don't honestly think I'm like mentally strong enough, but
 right now I'm kind of, I'm kind of all right with that.
 On the topic of just sort of protecting your privacy, you know, often on the show we'll
 talk about paparazzi evasion tactics that some of our guests have used over the years.
 And you have one that is brilliant.
 It's one that we've talked about internally for a long time where you wore the same leather
 jacket in public for six months straight as a way to like frustrate photographers.
 Where did that idea come from?
 Was that your idea or did somebody feed that to you?
 No, it was, it just happened.
 It was when I was doing Equus in London and basically like, you know, there's, you're
 in a situation where the paparazzi know where you are and know you will be leaving at around
 the same time every night.
 So if they just want to like get pictures of you looking tired and pale, which is my,
 you know, my, my go-to look, then, you know, they can just wait by the side, wait, wait
 for you to come out and, and take them as you, as you leave.
 Cause it's the same door, it's the same background.
 I'm walking out the same way every night.
 And if I'm wearing the same clothes, they all look like they're from the same day.
 So you, there's no more value in it.
 And so we just, I was like, great, I am totally comfortable wearing the same pair of jeans
 in this jacket for the next like three months and I can do that.
 I, so I did that.
 And then I also, I have to say, I got given a gift once, which is, it's crazy that someone
 makes this cause it's such a niche market, but it was given to me as like, this is an
 anti paparazzi jacket.
 And it is it's one of those jackets where it only works at night, I think, but if you
 wear it with the hood up and it's at night and you take a photo with a flash, it wipes
 out everything in the, on the camera, except for the hoodie.
 So like you just get a photo of like a floating ghost hoodie.
 And I have used that once and I never saw those pictures.
 So I can only assume it worked.
 I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop.
 That's very good.
 I like that a lot.
 This is fine.
 Oh, God.
 Okay.
 What are these last four going to be like?
 Pretty crazy.
 Strength to strength to strength to strength to close it out.
 So camera guy, Bill over here is a big time A24 head and actually put me on to Swiss army
 man a while ago.
 You play a farting corpse.
 What was the most difficult thing to shoot between, you know, propelling yourself through
 water with your own gas, shooting acorns out of your mouth, the water spout, the, the, you
 know, chopping things with your arm.
 Like it's an ax.
 What was on a behind the scenes level, the most difficult to shoot?
 Water spout was quite tricky, I think, but again, it was practical, which was awesome.
 So they fed it up my shirt and like had it come out one side.
 But that, that was kind of tricky, but I think actually the most like the, the, I mean, it
 was probably the most challenging to film, but also definitely the most, one of the most
 fun things I have ever done was the opening sequence where he uses me like a jet ski to
 escape from that Island.
 It's the best opening sequence of any film I have ever done with no question marks in,
 in my mind every day on that film, you came in and were like, what insane thing are we
 going to do today?
 And how are we going to do it?
 Cause it's not like they had a ton of money to achieve that stuff.
 Like this was a low budget film and it does not look like it for one moment in my opinion,
 cause they just, uh, yeah, they're geniuses.
 I know things are going to start getting bad next.
 Cause next is the one that everyone hates.
 Getting real.
 That's nice though.
 It's still, it's still like nice flavors.
 I thought like, sorry, I stopped talking with my mouth full.
 I thought there were going to be more, that were just like hot with nothing else.
 So far, so far this, there's some redeeming qualities.
 Yeah, exactly.
 There's something else going on and it's nice.
 And I'll say this, Daniel, I know that you were nervous before the shoot, but I will
 say this amongst your countrymen, amongst the fellow Brits, you are at the close to
 the top already.
 Oh great.
 Okay, good.
 I mean, you're saying like for an English person, you can take your spice, which is
 a backhand sort of, yeah, backhanded compliment, but I'll take it.
 So as someone who seems drawn to more esoteric roles, I find your love of B movies really
 fascinating.
 In fact, you said in a 2014 interview, I suppose culturally, I'm not very cultured.
 What in your opinion is the best Dwayne Johnson film?
 San Andreas.
 San Andreas isn't like, is I like the family storyline in San Andreas moved me more than
 it probably should have.
 Like I think San Andreas is a genuinely like very, very good disaster movie.
 He has one of those qualities of an actor where like there is no film that he has done
 that is not better for him being in.
 Which sci-fi channel original movie would you consider the greater cinematic masterpiece?
 Sharknado or Big Ass Spider?
 Oh, I would say Big Ass Spider for sure.
 And I don't know what it is about them that I keep going back to and I really should watch
 proper films because I do often find myself on sets where the director's like, have you
 seen this movie?
 And I'm like, no, no, I've seen Big Ass Spider and I've seen Dragon Blade.
 And that's it.
 So like that happens sometimes and I need to get better references.
 Oh my God, it's thick.
 Jesus Christ.
 Thick boy.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah, this is one of the ones where you get to it and you're like, why does it have to
 be this?
 Why did someone make this?
 But at what point in the in the like, you know, there's a testing process, there's tasting
 things and they got to this and they were like, it's perfect.
 Leave it.
 Stop.
 Don't add another thing.
 Take nothing away.
 This is it.
 Yeah, they're like nailed it.
 Yeah.
 Oh yeah.
 This is definitely reminding me of the previous thing I've ever had, which was a, like, you
 know what?
 I'm going to pause and go for the milk.
 You've eaten something on this level before?
 Somebody once had a, I think it was called snake bite venom jerky and it was just a sheet
 of like built on kind of meat, but just coated the first two layers.
 Yeah, absolutely coated the first two layers in like chili flakes and like you ate the
 tiniest amount of it and it just took over your mouth.
 Very similar to how this is currently doing.
 Yeah.
 I'm going to do a little test now.
 So I got some, I got some normal milk and I also got some almond milk.
 See if there's a difference and if it's more or less effective.
 I'd be curious for the findings.
 Much the same, pretty ineffective.
 I still feel everything.
 So back in the day, it was sort of a trope of ours to talk to guests about their names
 being name checked in rap lyrics.
 And I'm really excited to dust that off today because Harry Potter has to be one of the
 most name checked fictional characters in the history of hip hop.
 So what I want to do is just bounce a couple bars off of you.
 Maybe you like them, maybe you don't like them, maybe you're utterly confused.
 I'm just curious on how each hits your ear.
 And this first one is from Lupe Fiasco.
 Keep them in the air like a swan wing and I'm going to keep it magic as a Harry Potter
 wand swing.
 Great.
 That's very pleasing.
 It's great.
 I didn't actually know that there was a, like a history of Harry Potter turning up in rap
 lyrics.
 So that's very cool.
 This next one is from Lil Wayne off workin' em.
 Bitches on my stick but my name ain't Harry Potter.
 They think I'm very hotter.
 Your girls say the same.
 Harry Potter broomstick wands.
 There's a lot of dick stuff you can do in that.
 One last one for you.
 This is from Cupcake.
 It's a lovely line off CPR.
 And anytime my pussy wanna be hairy like Harry Potter, Becky with the good hair is what you
 could call her.
 I mean that's, that's genuinely really funny.
 So yeah, that's, yeah, that'd be, that's my favourite.
 That one's impressive.
 I feel like there's a, there's a real jump.
 These two, I mean, sorry I'm just like opening Belchie on camera now.
 Cool.
 These two are, just how bad is it gonna be?
 Cause I can't, I mean, am I, and even if these were good, can I taste them now after having
 done da bomb?
 Well there's only one way to find out for sure.
 Have you, I was gonna ask, have you ever had anyone like call back a few days later and
 be like, what did you do to me?
 Here's what I think ends up happening.
 I think while it's happening is when it sucks the most for people.
 So like during the actual interview is kind of when I see that sort of what's going on,
 what am I, who put me on this show and I'm stuck here sort of feeling that I'm getting
 from people sometimes.
 But then I think once people finish it, I feel like they almost feel like a sense of
 accomplishment.
 So like when they're done, I feel like they're kind of like, Hey, all that stuff that happened
 before it's all water under the bridge now.
 They're like, and then the next day when they're not feeling anything, they're like, let's
 do it again.
 It's a very strange thing.
 Yeah.
 It's sort of bonding in that way.
 I am actually just gonna before we do this, I'm going to refill one of my glass of milk
 because I got through a lot of that on the last one.
 Hey, that's the move.
 Very nice, by the way, to send milk.
 Thank you for that.
 I did have some but you're very kind.
 Hey, shout out Dom.
 Yes, thank you, Dom.
 All right.
 Okay.
 I don't know what a small amount is anymore.
 This is why I can't drink anymore.
 All right.
 I mean, impressively, it is cutting through the last one and replacing that flavor with
 whatever new flavor this is.
 But you're going back in for more.
 Think I maybe was slightly cowardly then.
 I'm gonna.
 Respect.
 Okay.
 Yeah, the combination of all of them is almost like, you know, yeah, it produces a slightly
 stimulant effect.
 There's like, there's like a nice little head rush sometimes when you get that whole
 feeling.
 That's that's enjoyable.
 So I haven't met many Brits who prefer the American version of football.
 How did a kid from the UK become all consumed with playing fantasy and rooting for the New
 York Giants?
 It was when I was doing the musical, when I was doing How to Succeed.
 And somebody gave me somebody was like, I need, I'm like, I'm doing a fantasy league.
 I need numbers.
 Like, can you just be like, come up with a team?
 And I was like, okay, fine.
 And I had no interest in it.
 And then like, three weeks in, I was informed that my team was 0-3 because, you know, I
 hadn't opened my profile or done anything to it.
 And I was like, well, that sucks.
 I don't want to be 0-3, I don't want to be at the bottom of the league.
 So I suppose I'd like taken interest in that.
 And then that was just like it.
 I became completely obsessed.
 And like, it's a perfect sport for fantasy.
 There are so many ways of quantifying football, not just in the point scoring, but also in
 yards and that, that like, you can build an incredible kind of game around it.
 But NFL and NHL, because my girlfriend is from just outside Detroit.
 So she was a big Red Wings fan growing up.
 So those are my two like adopted sports.
 Okay, definitely still tasting the last two.
 Oh, yeah, I can smell this already.
 Yeah, I just realized I was dabbing at some more of the sauce on the plate.
 I realized I just dabbed at more of the bomb by accident.
 That was an error.
 Classic Hot Ones mistake, but it's one that you make when you fully commit to the process
 of doing a Hot Ones.
 Here we are at the curtain call, slamming the door shut on your episode and saying goodbye
 to season 13.
 And as we say goodbye, we'll also be saying goodbye to some of these sauces.
 So I want to take this opportunity last episode of the year to ask you this, Daniel Radcliffe,
 would you be so kind?
 It would be an honor if you could rank the season 13 Hot Ones sauce gauntlet from the
 sauce that you liked the most to the sauce that you liked the least.
 Okay, yes.
 Well, obviously, like this guy is right at the bottom.
 No one needs to no one needs to try that.
 I would say this one also similarly is like so hot that it's not really nice.
 There is some flavor there, but it's not.
 I wouldn't like my mouth has gone entirely numb.
 So if you just want to experience that, that's very good.
 But it's it's it's not the bomb.
 I would just not not do there is no reason for that.
 Then probably this one again, because I like but then it would be this is my favorite.
 The goat rider that end up being my favorite, because that is like barbecuing and intense
 with a little bit of that kick.
 But still very, very pleasant.
 Same for both of these.
 I enjoy both of them a lot.
 They were like I was that was the one that I was still like, oh, this is going to be
 start to get unpleasant here.
 And it's actually like just the right amount of fire in us.
 Oh, yeah, that last app really hangs around, doesn't it?
 But you know what?
 You handled it.
 You took it down the hot ones gauntlet slayed by Daniel Radcliffe.
 Now there's nothing left to do but roll out the red carpet for you and say goodbye to
 season 13.
 This camera, that camera, probably just the camera you're looking at.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 Yeah.
 Well, personally, I'm, you know, building a lot of Lego because back inside.
 But if you want to watch stuff with me, you want to escape from Pretoria that is on demand.
 Also I did a movie called Guns Akimbo that is very, very crazy.
 And that's on demand too.
 I think I was in the Kimmy Schmidt movie that was on Netflix this year with Ellie Kemper
 and lots of amazing other people and written by Tina Fey and Robert Karloff and genuine
 and Sam Means and Meredith Scardino.
 God, I remembered her last name.
 And they they're amazing.
 And what they, pardon me, what they wrote on that show is still blows my mind.
 So if you want to go and check that out, that's also cool.
 Good job, Daniel.
 Good job.
 Thank you so much for having me.
 That was very, that was also a lovely interview, by the way.
 Thank you very much.
 And, you know, we'll see how it goes the next time I go to the toilet.
 I may write and complain.
 Who knows?
 [laughter]
 [music]
 Hey, what's going on Hot Ones fans?
 Sean Evans with a very exciting announcement.
 Wrap your heads around this one, people.
 The Hot Ones 10 pack, it's finally here.
 That's right, you've been asking us for years and years and years.
 And after a nice little workaround with a certain sauce that is kind of tricky with
 the distribution, we finally put together the Hot Ones 10 pack just in time for the
 holidays.
 It's perfect for the spice lord on your gift list or if you just want to ruin a family
 gathering, the Hot Ones 10 pack is here for you.
 Heatness.com, Heatness.com, Heatness.com to get your hands on the Hot Ones 10 pack.
 The Hot Ones 10 pack.
 We finally sort of did it.
 [MUSIC]
