 This taste is still happening, my guy.
 It's still running, bruv! What's going on?
 Hey, what's going on, everybody? For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans, and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings. And today we're joined by Daniel Kaluuya.
 He's an Academy Award-winning actor you know from acclaimed performances in films like Black Panther, Get Out, Judas and the Black Messiah, and many more.
 His latest project, though, is the Jordan Peele-written and directed sci-fi horror film Note, which is set to theaters on July 22nd.
 Daniel Kaluuya, welcome to the show.
 Man, thanks for having me, man.
 What's going through your head as you prepare to take on the wings of death today?
 Winning. Success. Victory. Little bit of fear that I'm not even ready.
 [music]
 Two bites, yeah?
 Yeah, we'll go two bites.
 I'm fucked up already, bro. I'm nervous, you know what I mean?
 But I got this.
 [music]
 What's going on?
 I mean, it's cool.
 I have the whole wing.
 There you go. See if you can keep it going.
 Nah.
 Nah.
 Might as well get out.
 [music]
 So in all my years of doing this show, this interview with you for Note is one of the first times that I've actually been dying to actually see this screener.
 But respect to everyone involved for keeping it such a tight-lipped production.
 Yeah.
 Do you think that there's anything uniquely evocative about a horror film like Nope, which is set oftentimes with the most chilling action happening during daylight hours with the sun still up?
 Yeah, because you can see things when the sun's up.
 That's what's really been interesting about this process.
 It's like when it's dark, you can't look up in the sky and see what-- I mean, I can't really spoil it, but--
 He found a way to bring fear into the light, essentially, which I think was pretty special.
 I'm easy, man. How you doing?
 I'm doing good. I'm doing good so far.
 I can hang for at least a couple here. Just a couple.
 Are you ready to move on to this next one? This is the Adobo Loco Island wing sauce here in the two spot.
 All right, cool. Let's do it.
 I'm going to do two. I'm going to do two bites.
 I'll be cautious now.
 [music]
 Mmm.
 Like what?
 [laughter]
 We're going to be a bad fool, innit?
 [laughter]
 I've seen many guests come in in that first half, you know, just doing victory laps already.
 You have to give yourself like--
 You got to gas yourself. You got to gas yourself.
 Yeah, you got to gas it because this you--
 Right.
 I know you, bro.
 You got to be mentally prepared.
 Yeah.
 I'm going to cut up. It's all janky.
 So I read that you wrote your first play inspired by the film Good Burger when you were only nine years old,
 but I'm actually more interested in this deep cut from Holly Hughes who said that you wrote a great piece
 about a pair of grime artists when you were just a teenager.
 What do you recall about that time at the Heat and Light Youth Company in Hempstead Theatre?
 You're like Nardva.
 [laughter]
 You mentioned Holly Hughes.
 Grime play. It was called Real.
 It was called Real.
 I was just fascinated about grime at that time because grime was peaking then.
 And then I just wanted to have like find a way to marry grime and theatre during that time.
 So yeah, man, that was a-- I haven't thought about that play in ages.
 [laughter]
 Which was a bigger thrill for you, winning a BAFTA or getting name checked by Stormzy for winning a BAFTA?
 [laughter]
 For Stormzy name check because I was watching it.
 I was like-- I'd watch-- I like watching music performances.
 That's like one of my things.
 So I was in the house watching the Brits.
 And it was like they were like, "Oh yeah, like Stormzy's going to be at the end."
 I'm like, "Oh, for flip's sake, I'm going to have to watch all of this to watch the end."
 So I get to the end and I'm watching it and he's like in the rain and he's going at it.
 I'm like, "Oh, he's doing a freestyle."
 Freestyle.
 And then I heard my name and I just fell out the chair.
 Fell out the chair.
 I was by myself.
 Fell out the chair.
 And my phone went crazy.
 And I was like, "Yeah, that was epic."
 Because you can't buy that.
 Right.
 You can't-- you just-- that was epic.
 And that's always been a dream.
 You want to be like name checked by rappers and that's cool, man.
 Do you know what I'm saying?
 So big up Stormzy for that.
 Do you know what I mean?
 Mezcaline.
 All right.
 It starts bubbling now, innit?
 It's starting to bubble now.
 We're bubbling.
 But still going in.
 Yeah, man.
 Still going in.
 Come on, man.
 Nice wings, though.
 Where'd you get the wings from?
 You know what?
 These are amazing wings.
 Victoria, where'd we get these ones from?
 Just Wing It.
 Just Wing It.
 What's that?
 Just Wing It.
 You know, there's not many places in Los Angeles that have wings available for delivery at
 9 a.m.
 But they kind of just fall off the bone.
 They're amazing wings.
 It's really nice.
 It's really succulent, really strong.
 Like, yeah.
 Big up Just Wing It, man.
 So since watching Widows, one of the scenes that really sticks with me is the one of you
 in the gymnasium with the camera doing 360-degree loops around you and the characters played
 by Sir Michael Rocks and Chuck English of The Cool Kids.
 Yeah, they're legends.
 What would you say distinguishes Steve McQueen as a director?
 Because I understand that that approach, the idea to do the loops, wasn't even decided
 on until the day of the shoot.
 I think he's like, and I remember he even spoke about it.
 He wanted it to feel like a vinyl record that's going round and round and round and round
 and round and round.
 He's probably the only one other person who's said something about my acting, and I feel
 like, "Oh, yeah, you're accurate."
 And then it was that day he described it.
 He came up to me and was like, "You're weird."
 I'm like, "Yeah, I am.
 Thank you."
 Like, "You're a weird actor."
 I'm like, "Yeah, I'm really weird."
 And he just was really, even in that scene, he was doing a scene, he was like, "Intimidate
 them without touching them."
 But he would leave the figuring out to you, you know?
 But he knows how to talk to people and very intuitive, very intuitive.
 What role did Beanie Seagull play as a creative influence on your character in that film?
 I get to say this out loud.
 Beanie Seagull, yeah.
 That scene.
 You like that one?
 So when he said that, yeah, I love that one, bro.
 I'll tell you, you're like, "Nardvot."
 I don't even know if I'm saying it right, but hey.
 Beanie Seagull.
 So when I was younger, I was obsessed with worldstarhiphop.com.
 And there was a bit when Beanie Seagull was just on his shoulder while P.D.
 Crack was rapping and just looking at him.
 Like, he's on his shoulder and kind of looking at him, but he's not looking at the camera,
 he's looking at P.D.
 Crack, looking at P.D.
 Crack.
 And then like P.D.
 Crack's trying to rap and I always remembered how awkward that was and how, you know, that's
 how I kind of act.
 I just, I take stuff in and I like looking at life and real life moments and go, "How
 do you translate that into a film language?"
 Like, actually get reality.
 So then like when he said, "Intimidate him without touching him," it just popped in.
 Like, me watching at 16 years old.
 When he disrespects your personal space, then what else can he disrespect?
 But yeah, Beanie Seagull inspired me to like P.D.
 Crack.
 Shout out P.D.
 Crack and Beanie Seagull.
 Oh my gosh.
 What is it, state property?
 There we go.
 Good old days, man.
 Alright, cool.
 It's nice fun.
 So far so good.
 Easy money.
 Easy money.
 You're about to wild out now.
 I understand the demand on your vocal cords was particularly intense for your Oscar-award-winning
 performances Fred Hampton and Judas and the Black Messiah.
 Yeah.
 Did you learn anything valuable about breath control or projection studying alongside a
 opera teacher for that film?
 And I learned it on a couple of plays, but I do it for the plays and then I forget about
 it because I'm not trained.
 I'm kind of self-taught and that.
 So like, just to engage with your diaphragm, like really engage with your diaphragm.
 But then when I get emotional or I get in the moment, I lose it.
 I can't like, but sometimes you've got to be aware that you're doing that.
 So then you know, like, alright, cool.
 I wasted a bullet on that.
 My throat's going to be.
 When I did lose my voice in the tail end of the day, I was able to still convey what I
 wanted to convey for the crowd without actually having to speak at all.
 And you have to tap in.
 It taught me how to tap into that at the same time.
 But so yeah, that was a big learning curve.
 Me and my voice was like an accelerated drama school, essentially.
 How are you feeling after four?
 I'm feeling good, bro.
 How are you feeling?
 You're looking good.
 I'm feeling good.
 We're in this together.
 On the climb, on the way up.
 Are you ready to move to the halfway point already?
 Yes, I am, man.
 Yes.
 The seventh Reaper here in the five spot.
 Alright, cool.
 We'll be doing this, yeah?
 Hold on.
 I took more than I was supposed to on that one, so I'm going to take that one back.
 I took all the skin from the back.
 [music]
 Hey, my ears started to sweat.
 Why is my ears sweating?
 My ears have never sweated before.
 What's going on?
 How can I feel my ears sweating?
 There'll be a lot of firsts.
 There'll be a lot of firsts.
 No, I'm going to do two bites because I don't want anyone to say anything.
 There we go.
 I'm doing it.
 My ear is sweating though.
 It's one ear.
 It's just my left ear.
 What's going on there?
 Shush.
 So when we had Idris Alba on the show, he gave me a crash course in Cockney rhyming slang,
 and then Charlie Sloth taught me all about trips and birds.
 Charlie Sloth's from my area.
 Shout out.
 Yeah, yeah.
 What does it mean when someone from the UK says "rah"?
 It kind of sounds like when an American says "bet," but I can't quite figure it out.
 Rah.
 Rah is like, I used to use it as "wow," like "rah."
 That happened, rah.
 Like wow, like it's a mini wow.
 A mini wow.
 Wow.
 But it's like a wow.
 Do you have a favorite British phrase for getting drunk?
 Last time I was in London, we were at a pub, and my friend's cousin kept talking about being goosed.
 Goosed.
 I remember that.
 Goosed.
 Waved.
 I like waved.
 I like waved.
 How would you use it in a sentence?
 I lost it.
 I got waved, man.
 Waved.
 Waved.
 Ocean.
 You know what I'm saying?
 It was rocky.
 I mean, it was like, yeah, waved.
 That's the first one that comes to mind.
 All right.
 Back half time.
 The sixth spot, you're doing great, by the way, man.
 I'm built for this, bro.
 You are built for this.
 I'm built for this.
 I try to tell people I'm built for this.
 So this next one, hot and saucy, collard and ghost.
 That one's starting to dance.
 My eyebrow's starting to sweat now.
 Joining the ears.
 Joining the ears, yeah.
 It's the right eyebrow and the left ear.
 They're doing the whole dance for themselves.
 So I'm interested in what I've heard you describe as accessible excellence with the goal of
 making films for the friends that you grew up with.
 As an actor, how do you think about the balance between a film's high-minded thesis and then
 just the basic North Star of entertaining people first and foremost?
 It's like, what's it, Bob Marley?
 You want to say something so a baby can understand it.
 You know?
 I think it's a symptom of understanding if you say it simply.
 So that's my thing.
 It's like, oh, it's all good knowing all this stuff, but can you translate it?
 I'm going to say it because I went to someone's house and they described it perfectly.
 And there's like an axis, yeah?
 Boom.
 Bats.
 And they said, the top here is simple and bottom here is complicated.
 We're actually talking about two albums.
 I'm not going to say whose albums it was.
 Here is normal and here is special.
 And the beauty spot is here, top right.
 Simple, special.
 I was like, it blew my mind.
 They said, yeah, that's why Michael Jackson's a genius.
 I was like, why?
 Because he said, ABC, as easy as one, two, three.
 Or like Bob Marley says, no woman, no cry.
 It's like, say it simply.
 And so I want to translate that into cinema.
 And as you have to understand so much and understand the person you're speaking to in order to do that.
 If the film don't work, that's life.
 But at least they know that I care.
 And I look at the details and I go, oh no, it didn't work.
 But this is that.
 So that's how I see cinema.
 I see the audience.
 I want them to have a good time because it's not cheap.
 Going to the cinema.
 So I'd want that.
 Accessible excellence.
 Smooth movement.
 The font's terrifying.
 I'm into fonts.
 But the font's terrifying.
 How do you pitch that in a sales meeting?
 You say simple, special.
 Cushed.
 Let me cush.
 They're good though.
 They're crushing those wings.
 We're probably approaching kind of the--
 That went into my nose though.
 Nose, eyebrows, ears.
 The chicken just went, oi oi oi oi oi oi.
 Oi oi oi oi.
 What's happening in it?
 Chill, chill, relax.
 It's all good.
 It's all good.
 My back and my neck is sweating though.
 I don't know why it's sweating.
 Everybody's coming to the party.
 Neck, eyebrows, ears.
 It's a water party.
 Give me some more.
 So aspiring actors create all different types of strategies
 when it comes to fueling their quest for stardom.
 But yours, I understand, is purely statistical, saying,
 I have to get one job out of three.
 How did you come up with that math?
 And I understand that your production company, even 59%,
 is steeped in a real statistical measure of success in sports.
 Yeah, one out of three, I was cocky.
 And then 59%, that's based off Moneyball,
 because I'm obsessed about that film and pissed about that book.
 And that's the win rate of that team that won, was 59%.
 And then I'm going to say this, but one of my favorite managers
 is a Man United manager, but I'm an asshole guy.
 It's Alex Ferguson.
 I've got to put some more respect on his name and that.
 How he responds to losses was always what spoke to me.
 He used the loss as an asset.
 All right, cool, I fucked up there.
 What am I going to learn?
 All right, cool.
 Oh, yeah, this, that's what happened.
 This is that, OK, I've got to make changes.
 It's the same principle as I did back in the day.
 It's like one out of three.
 If I don't get three, all right, cool, I've got to look at myself.
 I've got to study.
 I've got to get myself up.
 And that's an opportunity to study up,
 to kind of get your skills and craft to a certain level.
 So then that you can sustain the level you're trying to reach.
 You feel me? That you're going to reach.
 The bomb is called Beyond Insanity, brother.
 Sounds like the worst circuit, worst hit circuit ever.
 Well, it's all that and more.
 Let me tell you before we dive in.
 Mucus wants to come out.
 Mucus is coming.
 Hey, ambience.
 Ha ha.
 Proper built for this, but the building is shaking.
 Hey, blood.
 Hey, we are awake.
 Well, but you're going back in.
 Of course, man.
 I'm built for this.
 Here we go.
 No, we don't fold.
 We don't fold.
 Sometimes too much humidity, but hey.
 Wow.
 You're standing this one, looking it right in the face.
 I'm here.
 I'm here, my dad.
 Respect.
 Respect.
 Yeah, that's a vibe.
 So I know you have family in Chicago.
 You shot Widows in the Windy City and likewise have controversial takes on pizza.
 Are you thumbs up or thumbs down on Chicago style deep dish?
 This taste is still happening, man.
 It's still running, bro.
 What's going on?
 Hey, I'm listening.
 Pizza's just like, pizza's an open sandwich.
 If you really look at it, it's like cheese.
 Bro, my tongue is going nuts.
 It's like cheese.
 They just grilled the cheese.
 Put some bread on it.
 Cook the bread.
 Tomato.
 It's not like it's an open sandwich.
 Not its own genre over here.
 You know what it is?
 I realized why I felt that way.
 I had a friend, you know.
 My friend used to work at Pizza Hut.
 He used to do the Friday night shift.
 So I had to go to Pizza Hut to clear up with him so that I can, so we can go out early.
 This chicken is going nuts in my mouth, bro.
 [Laughter]
 Hey, relax.
 I'm trying to talk.
 Hey, blood.
 Hey, I got new tears, bro.
 What's going on?
 Careful, careful.
 Yeah, yeah.
 You didn't do anything, did you?
 No, no, no.
 Just be careful.
 Just be careful.
 Yeah, no.
 He's got pizza.
 So then I used to see pizzas on a different level.
 I see the backroom staff and I used to basically work there but not get paid.
 And then like, and then I just was like, no, I'm not convinced on pizzas.
 It's overrated.
 I understand that you had to shed a lot of weight for your role as a boxer in Sucker Punch
 and your mom was not too happy about it because you couldn't eat her food anymore.
 Yeah.
 What was the Mama Kaluuya dish that you missed the most when you were shedding weight?
 Ox tail.
 Ox tail is great.
 Her ox tail is great.
 It's fantastic.
 Five star.
 I'd strongly advise you to try it.
 Well, I would love to.
 I would love to pass the note along.
 Come to London.
 I'll get you some ox tail.
 All right.
 We're still on good terms even after you just ate that.
 Yeah, I'll give you a proper Tupperware.
 You have to take a Tupperware.
 A Tupperware that's been washed a couple times, not a new one.
 You know what I mean?
 Give you the whole shebang.
 Psycho.
 What is going on?
 What is happening, bro?
 What the fuck is happening?
 I know.
 I know.
 I know.
 But the good news is we're almost to the end.
 She's crazy.
 Bro.
 So once heard you say that my favorite thing is to find an artist before they have a Wikipedia
 page.
 What would you say distinguishes a fan who recognizes you from get out versus someone
 who knows you as parking pa to way yo, you are hilarious.
 You are not bar.
 Not bar.
 That's you.
 Well, do do the loot, dude.
 Do do the loot.
 Do parking by way.
 That's my mom's favorite character I've ever played.
 When people do that, when say that, I'm like, what do you?
 On the topic of British comedies, did you have a lasting memory working alongside Rowan
 Atkinson, the master of physical comedy himself for Johnny English Reborn?
 Johnny English Reborn.
 He is like, never seen anyone work hard.
 No, I have.
 But he's like, he works so hard.
 We did 25 takes of every shot.
 He works so hard.
 He's so detailed.
 He's like methodical about every single thing he does.
 Just being 21 and being next to him for that many months, I learned so much from him.
 Yeah, I'm in tears, bro.
 All that is a lovely segue to the 10th and final wing.
 Yeah.
 My ego says yes.
 Come on, let's do it, bro.
 Do I win a prize?
 The glory of...
 Victoria, do we have any t-shirts?
 Maybe a mug or something?
 So a little dab, yeah?
 Yeah, a little dab.
 One bite.
 Two bites.
 Come on, man.
 There we go.
 Built for this.
 That is water.
 Hey.
 What the fuck?
 The water's hot.
 Yeah, defeated all the wings just to get a blindside on you.
 But the good news is we're about to roll credits on our Bizarro World lunch with the Wings of
 Death today.
 And Jordan Peele, he tells this story about how you secured your role in Get Out by nailing
 the sunken place scene five takes, five takes in a row where you had a tear fall at the
 exact same time in each take.
 So under these bizarre circumstances, I'm curious from your perspective, what is the
 key to crying on camera?
 And do you think that hot sauce could be a performance enhancer for an actor?
 Yes.
 I can very see now if you need tears, don't use the menthol, use psycho hot sauce.
 You tap into it.
 It's like Sanislazki.
 Sometimes you do emotional memories.
 Sometimes, for me, it's color.
 When it's a mad situation, I remember the color I was wearing.
 The color would trigger me.
 Now go straight into that space.
 Bang.
 Go.
 So I do that.
 A lot of times it's like what else you're going to do.
 If you feel for the character and you feel for the other person, you're really present
 in the scene.
 But A, B, C in it.
 That's C. So it's not a performance.
 It's just an actuality.
 It's just like, oh, A, B, C. That's the end of the sentence.
 That's the full shot.
 So I kind of stand up.
 But when you have to do half takes, when you have to do half takes, but you have to be
 in the middle of it, that's when it's quite difficult.
 That's when you have assistance.
 That's when hot sauce can come in.
 Well, I'll tell you one thing, Daniel Kaluuya.
 There's not a dry eye in the house after that performance today with the wings of death.
 Come on, man.
 Come on.
 And now there's nothing left to do but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera, let the people know what you have going on in
 your life.
 I've got to say something to someone because someone introduced me to Hot Ones.
 Hey, Ben Schiffer.
 We made it.
 I told you I'd do this, my guy.
 You told me to not text you beforehand, so you're going to see this.
 Peggy, please keep that in there.
 That's my guy.
 We're keeping it in.
 Hey, Ben.
 And then, oh, yeah, man, watch Nope.
 What else do you want me to say?
 Yeah, like, take care of yourself, man.
 Cream your ankles, like the back of your ankles.
 Cream that.
 Attend to yourself.
 Cream your feet.
 It's important.
 I'm trying to say you've got to do certain things.
 Like, do it in the dark.
 Do it in private.
 Hey, just do the right thing in private.
 That's what my man's saying.
 Hey, this is delirious.
 This thing made me delirious.
 I don't even care.
 I don't even care about it.
 I finished.
 I completed it.
 Watch Nope.
 Great job.
 Great job.
 You're a great interviewer.
 You're one of the best in the game.
 You proper care.
 It's great.
 I love that.
 Well, yeah, you know, I do.
 I think it's only right, you know.
 If we're going to have you jump through this hoop, we've got to jump through a couple
 ourselves.
 Yeah, but you don't have to.
 You don't have to care as much as you do.
 You really do.
 It's really amazing.
 Oh.
 Like, even watching your interviews is proper.
 So, thank you for that.
 Hey, that's mud.
 Hey, what's going on Hot Ones fans?
 Thank you so much for watching today's episode.
 Now, I have an announcement to make.
 The first ever hot sauce for kids, Hot Ones Jr.
 It just got a little bit hotter.
 You know the green.
 Say hello to our brand new hot sauce, the yellow.
 A super mild hot sauce with sweet tropical heat from mango, pineapple, and scotch bonnet pepper.
 The yellow, it's ready to party with tacos, nuggies, heck, even ice cream.
 To get your hands on the newest Hot Ones Jr. sauce, visit heatness.com, heatness.com,
 heatness.com to pick up the yellow.
 [music]
 Thank you for watching!
