 It's still working that last one, but why not press forward right? Why not?
 Hey, what's going on everybody for first we feast I'm Sean Evans and you're watching hot ones
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings and today we're joined by David Harbour
 He's an Emmy and Tony award-nominated actor perhaps best well known for his portrayal of Jim Hopper in the Netflix mega hit series stranger things
 His latest though is the highly anticipated Marvel Studios action spy thriller Black Widow
 Which is set to hit theaters and Disney Plus premiere access on July 9th David Harbour. Welcome to the show
 Thank you for having me I think yeah, what is going through your mind right now?
 Prepare for this adventure concerned. I'm very concerned. I was walking over here and I I wasn't eating a lot today
 You know, I was preparing my stomach for this and then I decided to have a really big chocolate chip cookie
 Right before I got here, which I think was a terrible idea
 For hot sauces, so I'm kind of nervous, but we'll see how this goes
 So don't see there goes the alarm. That's it. Everybody out of the building can't do the wing challenge
 Conserve energy conserve energy turn off those cameras then this is the one this is the one
 That's not bad there's no problem I got this
 So in black, but all you play the role of Alexi Shostakov a Russian counterpart to Captain America who's hilariously void of the
 conventional superhero virtues
 And I'm curious
 How do you as an actor think about the traits that make a heroic character a hero?
 Versus the weaker qualities that make them human. Hmm. That's an issue question
 Um, I guess I'm always interested in flawed characters much more than I am in capable characters
 The people that I tend I tend to fall in love with people or my heart goes out to people who are I?
 Find beauty in people's flaws
 I find beauty in their inadequacies and I think true like love and when you think about someone that sort of obsess about him
 It's because of their frailty
 I think it's what binds us and like Alexi has a lot of that, you know
 His neediness and his remorse comes out in this very bombastic
 statistical way where a lot of people that feel less than sort of
 Act big like they're big big shots. And so I found that really charming about him
 I just find a lot of these little you know moments within him that are kind of as you say weaknesses or flaws
 I think that's what I always start with and then the superpowers kind of take care of themselves, you know
 Like I got to jump 40 feet in the air and there's a guy with a wire who like pulls me up
 So that's you know, that's kind of easy
 I
 Okay
 Okay, I see where we're headed
 But I'm good with this
 So I've heard you talk about playing Hamlet at 19 in a way that sort of feels like a fever dream of angst and artistic
 Expression I'm curious. What do you think?
 What do you think is the best on ramp to Shakespeare for people watching who've sworn off the works after reading Macbeth in 10th grade?
 That's great an on ramp to Shakespeare. I love that
 God, I don't know. You know, I mean, I'll tell you my personal connection to Shakespeare
 I don't know. I wonder how it holds up. But when I was in eighth grade a
 Buddy of mine dragged me to see Henry the fifth that Kenneth Branagh
 directed and starred in and
 That like changed my life and changed my experience in relationship to Shakespeare and it really was my on ramp to Shakespeare
 I didn't know much about Shakespeare except as you say like reading Romeo and Juliet when I was in high school and hating it like everybody
 else so this really changed my something about the swelling music and you know
 Derek Jacobi comes out with a match in the beginning and lights. I mean, it's just really it's very well done
 So I would I'd recommend that one and then you once said that as a young actor
 You're broken into two types a Romeo and a Mercutio. Can you break that down? And which one are you?
 I mean, I'm definitely Mercutio and I guess this is my relationship to film in general
 There's just dudes that are just good-looking and they sort of they're kind of the popular kids
 Like I was never really that popular in high school
 There's that table of like guys who like played football and there's that table in the actor world too where they just look great
 They're always kind of in shape and they just show up on film really well
 And then there's guys like me who like you take a picture of them and they're weird
 They have like one eye open kind of and like a little bit of a double chin
 I've always been that way but you use that freak in you to bring something special
 Because things don't come as easily to you
 But I do think in general you've tend to find those actors along the way and you can spot them and you can be like, oh
 Hey, man, you're my fellow weirdo my fellow Mercutio
 Oh
 Yeah, it does kind of hit you a little bit later than yeah, yeah, I'm okay though, this is only number three though of ten
 Pace my confidence here
 What's the most harrowing experience you had as a young man and member of an underground New York City poker club
 Like did you ever see?
 Did you
 Play together no, no, I wish I wish did you ever see though like a brazen armed robbery attempt or like playing especially
 High stakes game or anything like that. Yeah, I explained some I see came I never saw go down
 Well, one of the reasons those places got shut down cuz they were sort of sanctioned
 I mean under the table by the cops for a long time and then what happened was
 Guys would break it and a guy broke in I guess a couple guys broke in with shotguns and just accidentally one of them went
 Off and shot an old guy. It's not as romantic as you think it is like like actually that movie rounders, right?
 That's like what's in my head those guys who wrote that movie
 I used to play with and I know the guy who is Teddy KGB and he does not look like John Malkovich
 He looks like a kind of don't be like little dude
 But yeah, there was a real real beautiful moment in the underground poker scene in New York that I wish lasted forever
 I
 Didn't know you'd be asking me like real questions
 This is what is this hot ones barbacoa
 Almost like a pleasant downshift from the last one. There's a different quality in the hotness, right?
 mm-hmm, that's not there's no measure of that, but this one feels more peppery and this one's more like I
 Don't know like it's just different quality. Yeah, like a morning fog kind of spice or something exactly
 Yes, so there'd be anarchy in the comments if we didn't take a wing to discuss stranger things the pop culture phenomenon
 That's one more than 60 major awards since premiering in 2016
 Wow, why did you call the buyers family dog Chester one of the worst actors?
 Take after take it would like wander off or do something and then I just remember the trainer like on the sidelines going
 Come on
 We gotta make our money. We gotta make our money
 Yeah, I walked up to them and I was like, you know
 The buyer should probably have that dog put to sleep
 We never talked about it the whole rest of the show, but they just wind up not having it
 Yeah that the dog well on here. Yeah, find it the upside down though one of these future seasons
 There he went crawled through the tree and then and working with Winona
 I've heard you say that sometimes to get into the hopper character. You'll you'll get angry and she'll intuitively go there with you
 What does that actually like mean or look like on set?
 For acting to happen and for it to resonate in a real way
 Like I think the reason why you go watch a movie and you'd like ooh, that was good or like that's cheesy
 It doesn't do anything for you is because like actually drama happens
 The only way drama happens is if two people actually experience something real together
 so in a sense like
 You have to bleed a little bit and like, you know, the construct of this is very heady
 But the construct of character love Eddie. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I'm so I've been doing so much press where it's just like
 You know who'd win in a fight with Captain America. I'm like, I'm like do I talk about real stuff? I'm so confused
 So the
 The construct of character exists only in the page and in your mind and in the structure of the piece
 What exists on the screen is David and Winona?
 Theoretically at its best dramatically is when David and Winona are actually mad at each other a lot of
 work nowadays, I feel like
 People don't like that as much they everybody wants, you know
 Everybody be get along and I feel like there's a lot of there's some danger in that
 Interaction and so what I find with Winona
 She knows that beauty comes from mess the Lotus grows from the mud, right? So let's sling some mud at each other
 She's very willing to do that and it's I found it sort of hard harder and harder
 In a certain way to find people who are willing to do that
 Pineapple and ginger. All right
 This one's good. I like this one. I like the ginger little pineapple ginger. Mm-hmm
 All right, David while you enjoy that wing we have a crane segment on our show called explain that Graham
 We're do a deep dive on our guest Instagram pull interesting pictures that need more context. So we'll pull up the picture on the
 Just tell us a bigger story. Do you have a favorite penguin fun fact or observation about wildlife in the Arctic?
 I got a I got a penguin fun fact
 Penguins are very necessary. I love penguins. They're very necessary
 for the environment I love
 Antarctic I love penguins. I want to protect the penguins. They're disgusting
 They are absolutely disgusting because when you go on these
 Antarctic glaciers and you see penguins, it's nothing but shit and blood
 There was another really cool thing about penguins when so they have these things down there in Antarctica leopard seals
 Do you know these are there they're vicious vicious
 So they're like there was one that you know
 They grow like 12 15 feet long these things and they eat penguins and we were on one of these glaciers walking around and
 Literally from the ocean like 20 feet away from this leopard seal who just came out of the ocean
 like the biggest thing I've ever seen looked around and then proceeded to puke up a
 penguin skeleton and then like slither back in
 Terrifying
 What are we on number six we're on number six, I'm kind of enjoying this
 Tiki hot masala. Mm-hmm
 Yeah, that's good that's good we're starting to get there yep, that's good
 Yeah, we're not messing around anymore. No going forward. It's starting to happen. Mm-hmm. Now. I see why people are so upset about this show
 So Elizabeth Olsen who was actually on the show recently
 She did a semester at the Moscow Art Theatre School
 I talked to her if she had like a preference between the Stanislavski method or the checkoff organic performance
 And I've heard you likewise talk about Russian influence
 Is there a playwright or a theater practitioner that you think informed your technique or process more than others?
 For me, it's like Lee Strasburg or bust like I'm a devotee
 He's American method. It's the actor studio where Lee Strasburg taught
 everybody's
 Relationship to things is different. So the literal relationship is not very important
 What's important is the metaphoric relationship and that is very much the American method. It's not about actually like
 Being the character because you can't it's about your metaphoric relationship acting as if you're the character
 But yeah, it was very much Strasburg what came out of the group theater
 Probably the greatest theater of America and then like the least Strasburg sort of took it in this other direction where they all
 Argued with him and hated him and fell out, but I think what he was doing
 You know through the 60s and 70s
 Was just the is just the best acting training there is
 I'm starting to feel it like leave its thing on my tongue though. There's a cumulative
 Okay a
 Little more serious this one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
 Well, I haven't been drunk in like
 15 years. I'm sorry. It gets trippy good way to it's trippy. Yeah
 So growing up in white plains, I know that you connected with the outcasts or D&D and video games and graphic novels
 What are the necessary components for the perfect Dungeons & Dragons party?
 God the necessary components, I mean, I guess you have to have like a good party of people and that means a mix like you need
 people that are gonna play by the rules and then you need people that are gonna break the rules and be
 Horrible and you know not do what you tell them to do if you have too many good students
 It's just not that fun. And if you have too many rule breakers, you can't get anything done and nothing moves
 You can't have any fights. It's all just like sitting around
 looking at curios in some shop or something and then you do need like an
 Indefinite amount of time you need just like a day where there's no limits
 You can go to like 6 in the morning and just like dig in like any
 Degraded activity like poker or whatever like you want to get that sweet spot
 Where you feel like you should be doing something else, but nobody knows you're doing it still so you could just get lost in the degradation
 That's part of the joy
 Well this next one should we go for number three this is the bomb
 This is the one
 Don't take yourself out, okay
 I
 Child's play
 Yeah, you breathe different yeah, it affects your respiration and I don't think it ever goes back
 I think it'll forever forever changed over here David Wow
 I'll breathe like this for the rest of my life. God's it's happening. I
 Mean
 Yeah, what serious? Hmm. Oh, yeah, it's still happening
 It'll grow a fault. It just yeah, I like that I like that
 Unwound I like that Wow. Oh
 Yeah, oh wow. Wow
 Okay, ask me more questions like you sure sure okay
 I've seen you post up pictures of a barricot ham in Spain and then you were posted prosciutto in
 Venice what is your Mount Rushmore your top four cured meats of all time?
 Your top four cured meats of all time Wow
 God damn that is the hardest question
 I've ever been asked and you saved it until we're almost done with the hottest sauces. I knew you get harder as you go
 Top four cured meats. I can't even think of a single cured meat right now
 I mean, I mean like I can't even think of a single one like there was a pepperoni pizza
 I have like a million years ago that I remember was nice
 Still unfolding I haven't even taken a second bite yet
 Is there a dive bar a restaurant spot that you missed the most thinking back about your inglorious days in the East Village?
 Oh, yeah, God. Yes. I gotta have one more bite of this just cuz I'm then I'm going into crazy, right? Come on
 Die
 Maybe um, yeah, I got one. Oh, man. I got some good ones. Okay. Oh
 My god
 Okay on Avenue a I
 Lived on 12th Street between a and B and so on Avenue a between 12th and 13th
 There was a place called Korova milk bar
 Korova milk bar used to make milk drinks
 That were that were a very alcoholic and they were all based on this is horrible
 But this is the East Village we can go there right? Let's go. They're all based on on
 Dead like child stars or whatever. I still love that plate and they would play clockwork
 Orange in blacklight. It was a horrible place
 Those are the days and I love the days in Manhattan. It was also yeah
 I mean that was back what we were still we're still dark, you know, we weren't the mall we are today. Oh, so good
 I'm very proud of myself. I have to say I'm very I really did not think I was gonna be okay with any of this
 And it seems like you're downright enjoying it I am kind of enjoying it this is actually a lot of fun
 *music*
 It's still working that last one, but why not press forward right? Why not?
 Where else do we have to be?
 Okay
 This one is the scorpion disco scorpion. Those of you keeping score. I think that was a bar in the East Village
 I think this is a bar in the East Village
 *music*
 *laughter*
 *music*
 Still a labor still intense. Oh my god
 *laughter*
 Now it's really hurting
 What's your best advice for how to care for whites tree frogs as pets?
 You once said in a Q&A with Playbill that they're very passionate about keeping and breeding them as a child
 Oh my god, you do your research
 Not only do you cook amazing wings, but you do your research. Yes. Okay. I love
 White street frogs Australian white street frogs. I
 Build your own terrarium. I build my own terrariums. Oh, yeah
 I wanted them to breed the only way a white street frog will have sex is if they're rained on for
 20 hours a day and if they have a foot of water
 so I had to make a terrarium with a sump pump and rain pipes and
 It would rain on them for 20 hours a day and they still didn't have sex because I guess they have to like each other
 All right, David, what are you doing shaking that up?
 This is the last dab
 We call it the last dab because it's tradition around here to put a little extra on the last way
 You don't have to if you don't want to
 But don't do that. Oh, you're insane
 Oh
 Yeah, it's affecting my whole body I
 like it I
 Usually have it like I'm sober for a long time. Yeah, I've been drunk for a long time in this kind of it's bringing you back
 Oh, yeah, I
 Feel like a little bit like out of control. Yeah, not sure what I'll do next. Oh
 My lips
 Come on baby, there we go. I can wipe it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's heavy. That's heavy
 Alright man, let's do it right Cheers David. Hey Cheers Cheers. Whoo, huh?
 I
 Love on the super hot side you kind of smile and laugh your way in
 But thankfully David we've reached the conclusion of our spicy food adventure today and just one more question for you
 You know
 We've covered a lot of ground from Broadway to frogs to Marvel
 And what I really like about you is that you're so honest about the journey so honest about the highs the lows the rejection
 And the pain and the humiliation that can come with pursuing a career in acting
 So now with your blood slowly roasting inside of you your tongue and brain on fire
 I'm curious what words of enlightenment or caution
 Do you have to other creative young people who are interested in a calling in the arts?
 I remember hearing this when I was coming through and I would hear
 Actors come speak to you at college or whatever and they'd go only do it if you have to do it and I'd go like I
 Will never say that when I become an actor because even if you want to do it
 You should try it and now I feel like I say it all the time only do if you have to do it
 Because there is I feel like I I could have had a very happy simple life
 Doing all kinds of other things, but at the time I just couldn't imagine myself doing anything else
 Only do it because you need to do it not because you want to be famous do it because you have something to express and then
 Just be tenacious
 You don't even have to be that good. You just gotta like stick with it and
 Speaking of sticking with it working your way through the gauntlet the hot ones gauntlet
 Came in here with mixed confidence coming through the other side
 Dominating the board and look at you David Harbour
 Taking on hot ones and living to tell the tale now
 There's nothing left to do but roll out the red carpet for you this camera this camera this camera
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life
 Professional you get me drunk on hot swings and you okay
 Hey, I got some movie on HBO max directed by Soderbergh called no sudden move
 Which I'm very excited about but of course the big one is go see
 Black Widow Marvel Studios Black Widow in theaters and on Disney Plus July 9th
 Thanks guys
 Oh
 Wow
 Hey, what's going on everybody
 This is Sean Evans checking in with some very exciting first we feast news now when I'm not over here choking down chicken wings on
 Hot ones I happen to be a huge pizza guy
 Sicilian Neapolitan deep dish dollar slice frozen pizza
 I love it all which is why I'm excited to announce that first we feast has a brand new show pizza wars
 Where pizza master Nicole Russell takes on contenders in a battle royale of different pizza styles?
 I'm on there judging the deep dish episode naturally
 But the show has other great guests as well including buddies like Babish and Frank Piniello, but that's enough chit-chat
 Let's let the sizzle real do the talking. All right
 Roll the tape
 The misconception is that if you get a lot it's good bite for bite
 This is the best eating experience I've ever had on one of these things
 My opponents and I will be taking on a new piece of theme challenge every episode
 I wish that I could give you both trophies, but they only gave me one. Do you guys have an extra?
 They don't have an extra
 Don't get it twisted. This is a competition and I want to win but I'm also here to catch up with a few of my friends
 I couldn't have done this episode with nobody else
 Learn some new tricks to use at home. You got a slice of garlic thin so thin that it liquefies in the pan
 You know, thank you for that. Thank you. No, no and eat a whole bunch of pizza. Oh
 My god
 So get ready people piece of wars is coming
 [MUSIC]
