 It doesn't make any sense.
 [laughing]
 It's not supposed to be this hot.
 [dramatic music]
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 From First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans,
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by David Chang.
 He's a restaurateur, author, and host
 of Netflix's Ugly Delicious,
 as well as The Next Thing You Eat,
 which you can now watch on Hulu.
 His culinary brand, Momofuku,
 has restaurants all over the country
 and has a memoir as well called Eat a Peach.
 Today though, he'll be eating
 some scorching hot chicken wings.
 David Chang, welcome to the show.
 - Sean, I am honored to be here.
 This is a, it's surreal.
 I'm here.
 I can't believe it.
 - You're trapped on my show, you're hostage here,
 and before we get going,
 how would you gauge your ability around spicy food?
 - I can eat spicy.
 Problem is, I'm going to sweat profusely.
 Like probably more than anybody's ever sweated on your show.
 I'm going to sweat from the top of my head.
 It's going to start coming out everywhere,
 but I can go after the spiciest of spicy stuff,
 but I'm still scared.
 - All right, Joey Diaz, he's coming for your spice crown.
 We'll see how it goes today, David.
 You ready to get started?
 - Let's do this.
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 - All right.
 That's a really good wing.
 - So your new Hulu show, The Next Thing You Eat,
 explores something that you've talked about
 for most of your career,
 which is what we'll be eating in 10, 20, 30 years.
 And it seems like there's so much to be equally concerned
 and excited about, from burger flipping robots
 to R2D2-like delivery vehicles
 to smoothies that can be engineered to your DNA.
 After going through that process,
 what offended you most as a chef,
 and then what gave you the most hope for the future?
 - Easily the most offensive
 is speaking to these tech guys that are like,
 we're gonna replace you.
 They're not even bullshitting.
 We're gonna replace you.
 No matter what you make,
 we're gonna be able to make it better.
 It's weird when your whole job,
 you've learned how to perfect this craft,
 and then all of a sudden,
 you're just a binary code to somebody.
 You might read in the newspaper
 a lot of the big fast food companies
 have already automated.
 They've already bought AI cooking machines.
 They're getting rid of cashiers.
 That's already happened.
 So in some ways,
 food is gonna get more efficient, faster, even cheaper,
 but I think it's gonna have a bad impact
 on the mom and pop shops, right?
 People are gonna expect food at a level
 that if you're an independent operator,
 you're just not gonna be able to.
 You will be able to, it's just gonna be harder.
 It's gonna be a higher obstacle to overcome.
 (gentle music)
 (gentle music)
 I'm already sweating though.
 Good wings, no complaints.
 - So far, we'll see you.
 (laughing)
 So you've made podcasts and shows
 with incredibly famous and fascinating people,
 but I don't think that I've ever seen you more excited
 than when you talked to BU professor, Greg Blonder,
 about microwaves on the David Chang Show.
 To the naysayers who may be watching right now,
 is there a common microwave myth
 that you'd like to debunk using our platform?
 - There's so many.
 That it's going to ruin the nutrients in your food.
 It's going to suck all the life and goodness
 out of the food, and that absolutely is incorrect.
 When I say it's the cleanest, most effective way
 to cook something and to retain the nutrients,
 like it is legitimately,
 you can't find a better way to cook something.
 It's one of the most amazing tools you could ever use.
 You press a button and shit gets hot.
 It's like, that's fucking amazing to me.
 If you're in a kitchen and you are pressed for time,
 I mean, you can knock off easy 20, 30 minutes
 out of most recipes.
 - Preach, are you ready to move on here?
 (laughing)
 - God damn it, I'm talking about microwaves.
 - So this next one's the Hoff's hot sauce.
 - All right.
 (upbeat music)
 - Habanero, jalapeno.
 The habanero's going to get you in the end though.
 - Little bit of a tail action on that.
 - Yeah, yeah, it's coming, but it's not that bad.
 It's good.
 - So in reading your memoir, "Eat a Peach,"
 one thing that really stood out to me
 was how in touch and observant you were
 about the future of food media.
 As you saw the blogging revolution begin to happen
 in real time.
 And then one thing that I think is kind of interesting
 is that First We Feast is a media brand
 that continues to put out more and more food products.
 And then Momofuku is a food brand
 that continues to create more and more media.
 Where do you think this is all headed?
 - I think it's headed at least for restaurants
 and for someone like myself,
 that's really shifted almost completely to doing media.
 We're just always creating content.
 I think when you're in a restaurant and if you make food,
 you're creating content that is digestible, right?
 It's the same thing, the same stories
 that we're trying to tell,
 just expanding that universe a little bit.
 So I never thought when I started cooking,
 I'd be doing stuff like this.
 - You know what?
 I feel the same way.
 When I first started working in media,
 I never thought that, you know,
 one day I'd be a chicken wing talk show host.
 - That's gotta be the trippiest thing.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 Wow, this is your own hot sauce.
 - But you know what, David Chang,
 if the palette rejects it, you let me know.
 - I got, I got. - You'll be honest.
 You'll be honest.
 - We gotta, we gotta, we gotta taste this first.
 - We're not leading the witness with the label here.
 I love this.
 - It's very clean, first of all.
 It's getting some hot, some heat's coming in,
 but it's tangy, it's sweet.
 Is there a little mustard in there?
 There's gotta be a little mustard in there.
 - Maybe you're catching a little apricot.
 There's like some curve balls there.
 - Wow, it's balanced.
 The cumin, I did not expect that.
 It's very good.
 Well done.
 I'm gonna put it on the wing.
 - There we go.
 Big.
 - All right.
 Now, you've eaten a lot of wings.
 What is your preferred method for the wing, yourself?
 Do you do one of these jammies and push it all down?
 - So yeah, there's, you know, sometimes the flat,
 like they'll do the bone split thing
 and then you can kind of just rip it like that.
 So that would be my preferred way
 and just the casual outside of the show thing.
 But what I find in doing the show,
 there's kind of a cadence and a rhythm to like,
 you know, you eating the wing, enjoying the wing,
 maybe you have a comment about the wing,
 but then I have to start the question.
 So I kind of just get in where I can fit in,
 try to swallow it as fast as I can without choking,
 which earlier this season,
 I got lodged right in the windpipe
 with Jon Bernthal sitting across from me on the first wing.
 So a lot of plates spinning on this side of the table, David.
 - I don't want your job.
 It seems incredibly difficult.
 I'm sweating.
 You're not sweating at all.
 - Not yet.
 Not yet.
 I'll get there.
 - I mean, my top of my head is already sweating.
 It's wet.
 You guys are gonna see some crazy, crazy,
 crazy moisture come out.
 - I've always watched clips of the one you do with Ramsey.
 - Yeah.
 - It makes me think he's just a wimp.
 I mean, he was like freaking out right around here.
 - Yeah, you know, DJ Khaled famously tapped out
 on the third one.
 - Well, you can't trust those DJs.
 - So one of the most popular recurring segments
 on the David Chang Show is "My Opinion is Fact,"
 which is basically just a free-for-all of topics
 and food hot takes that can go anywhere.
 So in lieu of explaining that, Graham,
 today what I wanna do is play a little game myself,
 where I'll just hit you with some broad food topics,
 and you just kinda hit me with the first spice-fueled
 thoughts that come to mind.
 Does that sound good?
 - My mouth is really warming up.
 - Here we go.
 Pumpkin pie.
 - It's disgusting.
 It's gourd.
 It's fucking gourd.
 Nobody eats it any other time of year, right?
 Nothing gets me more wicked up than goddamn pumpkin pie.
 It should be barred.
 Nobody should ever make it ever again.
 And, you know, Starbucks has just ruined coffee
 with that goddamn abomination.
 Pumpkin spice latte?
 It's a fucking gourd.
 Nobody eats gourds.
 Do you eat gourds?
 - I don't eat gourds.
 I promise you, I promise you, I do not eat gourds.
 - See?
 (laughs)
 I get mad.
 I get mad thinking about pumpkins.
 - Australian burgers.
 - Ooh, that's gotten me in a lot of trouble,
 because I'm right.
 They're terrible.
 (laughs)
 They got great sports.
 They can drink extraordinary amounts of alcohol,
 but they can't make a goddamn burger,
 'cause they put beets on it.
 That's just a con, that's an unholy combination
 that is not needed.
 But Aussies swear by it.
 And I think it's like Stockholm syndrome or something.
 (laughs)
 - Yelp.
 - Oh man.
 I don't know where to begin.
 There are some really good Yelpers out there,
 but doesn't mean just 'cause they have an elite thing,
 they know what the hell they're talking about.
 And I know just by talking about this now,
 they're gonna go online and they're gonna give me one stars
 at all of my fucking restaurants.
 I think every Yelper should pass
 some kind of driver's license.
 I'm down with a select few people
 that know what they're talking about.
 Do you agree or disagree?
 - No, you know what, actually,
 thanks for asking the question,
 because I find that these sorts of,
 when it becomes over democratized in the review,
 I find the reviews to be not so helpful,
 because I'm a big delivery guy,
 you know, I'm a big delivery guy.
 And sometimes I'll feel like they'll give something
 a one star because they didn't have the silverware
 included in the carry out bag.
 And I was like, well, that does me no good.
 Or the food was like a little bit late,
 but I don't mind if food's late.
 I wanna know, is it good or not?
 Or they think that it's like too expensive.
 So I think these little things that people get angry about,
 they then project that anger onto the review.
 But as somebody who just wants to know
 if the food's good or not,
 I find that I'm like, you're not being helpful.
 And then these one stars, they'll drag down the average.
 So then I'll feel like, you know,
 these people that are angry about something
 that has nothing to do with the food
 is not serviceable to me at all.
 As somebody scrolling through there,
 I'm like, get these people out of here.
 So I agree with you 100%.
 - You should run for office, goddammit.
 (laughing)
 That was fucking beautiful, man.
 This labeling actually scares me.
 It's very simple.
 They're not trying to shock you with skulls and crossbones.
 I think this is gonna, and it's ghost pepper, clearly.
 It's gonna hurt.
 - Yep.
 - It's got, that tastes like ghost pepper.
 - So recently, Pete Wells' review
 in the New York Times went viral
 when it took aim at three Michelin star restaurant,
 Eleven Madison Park, for its pivot to vegan menu.
 And I won't ask you about reviews
 of other restaurants or chefs,
 but I am curious, more generally speaking broadly,
 where do you see fine dining's place and influence
 in the wake of the pandemic?
 - I think fine dining is necessary
 in every city, in every place we eat,
 'cause we need diversity, right?
 And a lot of things do trickle down from the top.
 So a fine dining restaurant doesn't always,
 but oftentimes has the best, most ambitious cooks.
 And a lot of those ideas,
 a lot of those cooks that work there
 learn the best techniques,
 learn how to operate and run a restaurant.
 They may not ever run that kind of restaurant themselves,
 but they'll be able to take that kind of training.
 It's like grad school.
 So whether you like fine dining or not,
 and a lot of people don't like it,
 'cause it's expensive, it's extravagance.
 But it's crucial to the lifeblood
 and the vibrancy of a city's cuisine, for sure.
 - Well, it's scorpion pepper.
 Scotch bonnet is no friend of mine.
 But again, I can live with this.
 - You're doing great, going back in.
 - All right, I am sweating.
 - That's nice, a nice hot one's glow.
 A nice hot one's glow.
 So I've heard that many independent restaurants
 can only last about 10 days of being closed
 before the whole thing bottoms out.
 What are some tangible things that diners can do
 to ensure the restaurants that they love stick around?
 - You should choose three to five restaurants
 that you are going to support.
 You can't support everyone.
 Choose three to five and have the fourth or sixth spot
 in your rotation constantly evolving and changing.
 But choose three to five, get to know them.
 When you get to know the proprietors of the restaurant,
 the people that work there, you get treated like family.
 Everyone's like, "I gotta do this whole world.
 "I gotta save everything."
 I was like, "No, no, no, get your spots
 "and support them unconditionally."
 - Wise words.
 Are you ready to move on to this next one?
 This is Da Bomb beyond insanity, and it is a wild one.
 - I have pepper oils all over my face.
 This is gonna hurt, huh?
 Let's see here.
 Mostly habanero.
 It doesn't have ghost pepper.
 - There's something going on with this one, though.
 (laughing)
 - All right, all right, all right, let's see.
 - You can only, it's hard to explain.
 - That's a lot of habanero. - Something, yeah.
 - That's fucked up.
 What the fuck?
 (laughing)
 What is happening?
 - Is this a bizarre culinary experience
 that you're having right now?
 - It almost feels like the mushrooms are kicking in.
 (laughing)
 Doesn't make any sense.
 It's way hotter than it should ever be for a habanero.
 Habaneros are eating habaneros.
 Fuck me, man.
 (grunting)
 - So when you're not being nice guy chank
 for anyone who's trying to survive as a restaurant,
 what is your real opinion of the endless number
 of momofuku rip-offs that have entered the market
 over the last 15 plus years?
 - Oh, man.
 It's weird to go to another place
 and see some dish that you've made,
 or some concept that you've been working on,
 and now I get why people start to pause around this time.
 Holy hell.
 When I was younger, it used to irritate the hell out of me,
 but then I realized I didn't really come up with anything.
 You know what I mean?
 Like, I've taken plenty of ideas.
 We all do.
 Like, we're influenced by everything,
 and if they can run with it and do it better, great.
 I mean, this business is too fucking hard,
 so whatever they can do to stay in business and to thrive,
 then I'm all for it.
 But I used to be a lot more obnoxious about it,
 and I'm just a lot more understanding of it now.
 - How you feeling?
 - Hurts, man.
 But I was like, you know what?
 I'm gonna take another bite of that.
 I'm not gonna take another bite of that.
 - All right, all right.
 'Cause I had mirror the gas,
 so I was a little bit nervous right there.
 - That is just,
 doesn't make any sense.
 (laughing)
 It's not supposed to be this hot.
 Fuck.
 (dramatic music)
 - I mean, have you won an Emmy yet?
 - No, I got nominated.
 - What the hell, Emmys?
 (laughing)
 - I got nominated this year, but no.
 - This is maybe more difficult
 than being a wartime correspondent.
 Like, this is crazy shit.
 - You're right, you're right.
 And you know what?
 The media brand should consider the hazard pay of it all.
 - Yeah, you're really risking life and limb here.
 - All right.
 - God damn it.
 That's just too hot.
 I thought I was gonna be so badass,
 I was gonna be like doing this.
 No, none of that is happening.
 This again, this bottle is trying to scare you.
 - But just going in anyway.
 Whoa.
 - I can't taste anything, doesn't matter.
 (laughing)
 Different, completely different than habanero.
 - In a better way, or a worse way.
 - It's a punch in the face and this is a kick in the balls.
 (laughing)
 But it's a different, sweating is happening now.
 - It's the full physiological experience of hot ones here.
 Full physiological experience.
 - I'm literally, sweat is just dripping off my face.
 - So when we started First We Feast as a website,
 one of our flagship series featured chefs talking about
 the dishes that made their career.
 What do you think it is about the pork buns at Momofuku
 that makes them like the culinary equivalent
 to a stadium anthem?
 - I literally took it because I was eating at Oriental Garden
 and I was eating Peking duck and I was like,
 oh, this would be, this is like a mini hamburger.
 And we were, it wasn't on the original menu.
 We just were going out of business
 and we needed to find new ways of like selling stuff.
 I had no idea that people were gonna resonate with it.
 And I think maybe 'cause it was handheld,
 I had some pickled cucumbers in there,
 the hoisin sort of acted as a analogy parallel to ketchup.
 And I just feel like when people ate it,
 they were like eating a hamburger.
 That has to be the case.
 So, I mean, it was just an accident, quite frankly.
 - All right, David Chang.
 - I see this on your show,
 I never realized it was your Hot Ones.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - The Apollo pepper channels the sun's energy
 to bring new levels of flavor and heat
 to the world of super hots.
 Live the Hot Ones tradition.
 It was a good branding job.
 - Oh, wow.
 - I'm loving the brand compliments from you today, David.
 - All right.
 Like really get this in here.
 - Yeah, oh, whoa, whoa, whoa.
 All right.
 We're going out.
 We're going out with a bang.
 - Oh, that's fucking hot.
 (laughing)
 Oh man.
 That was fucking stupid.
 (laughing)
 - I didn't know Apollo pepper was an actual pepper.
 - Yeah, we actually invented it for the sauce.
 We have a pepper grower smoking Ed Curry.
 Fuck.
 Crossbreeding peppers specifically for this moment.
 But the good news, the good news, David Chang,
 is that we've reached the end of your long--
 - That's how you quote protestors.
 - The good news, David Chang,
 is we've reached the end of our long overdue date
 with the wings of death together.
 And to close things out, what we did is we reached out
 to a few people in the Chang inner circle
 with their questions for David Chang.
 So here, as you work through that sauce,
 I'm going to direct your attention to the monitor
 for a very special video question
 and our first one from Kwame.
 - All right, David Chang, I got a question for you.
 Think hard, all right?
 What would you rather have splashed on you?
 Now, the liquid that's in a porter potty,
 which is used by the way,
 or the liquid that drips from the back of a garbage truck?
 Think hard.
 - Kwame, what the hell, man?
 (laughing)
 You come up with that?
 - If I have the answer, I'm going over to the garbage truck.
 - I think that's the only move.
 That's the only move.
 - I mean, I can look at a garbage truck.
 I can't even look at a porter potty.
 - All right, one more.
 This one is from Wiley.
 - Fuck.
 - Hey, Dave, I can see you're busy, but a quick question.
 What are the five mother sauces?
 Let me give you a hint.
 One of them is not hot sauce.
 - I can't think right now.
 That was the great chef Wiley Dufresne,
 who hates spicy food, by the way.
 And I'm just a,
 God damn it.
 What's funny is I asked this to my cook.
 (laughing)
 I don't fucking blank it out right now.
 - Oh my God.
 - You have Mornay, you have Bechamel, you have Hollandaise.
 You have, there's a tomato compote one.
 - There we go.
 - And then there's another one.
 It is Espanol sauce.
 (laughing)
 Which is the one I always remember,
 'cause it's like, why the fuck is that a French word?
 God damn it.
 - David Chang nailing the quiz from Wiley
 at the end of our episode,
 taking on the wings of death and conquering.
 And now David Chang, there's nothing left to do,
 but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Oh man, I got so much going on.
 We just had a new cookbook come out called "Cooking at Home."
 We had the Hulu show and we launched
 some actually hot stuff over the room.
 The Momofuku extra spicy chili crunch is for you.
 - I love when I get some gifts, some spicy gifts.
 - We have some noodles out there as well.
 You can get those anywhere you buy noodles,
 but we're doing what you're doing now.
 We're just diversifying.
 (applause)
 - That was so much hotter than I was expecting.
 Well, I am honored.
 Thank you for having me.
 - Look at Dom, always coming through.
 Dom's always coming through with the lifelines.
 - Thank you so much.
 How was that?
 I have no idea what happened.
 - Hey, what's going on Hot Ones fans?
 This is Sean Evans checking in
 with a very exciting announcement.
 You know, after 16 seasons,
 I'd like to think that we perfected the Hot Sauce Symphony
 and now I gotta hand it to us.
 We perfected the packaging.
 It's the custom made Hot Ones official 10 pack briefcase
 now available at heatness.com.
 Take a look inside.
 It's so pretty and the perfect gift
 for the spice lord in your life.
 Just get some friends, make some wings,
 bring some ice cream and be careful around the eyes.
 Heatness.com, heatness.com, heatness.com
 to get your hands on the custom made
 Hot Ones official 10 pack briefcase.
 I know I love it.
 (kissing)
 [music ends]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
