 (laughing)
 - Wow.
 This one's a winner.
 (laughing)
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First Weed Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by David Blaine.
 He's known the world over for his street magic
 and endurance stunts that include everything
 from being buried alive for seven days
 to encasing himself in a block of ice
 to holding his breath underwater for 17 minutes.
 He also has a pair of high profile projects on the way
 with his documentary adventure series,
 Beyond Belief with David Blaine coming soon to Disney Plus
 and his six show Vegas residency
 with dates through the remainder of the year.
 David Blaine, welcome to the show.
 - Wow, thank you for having me.
 Thank you.
 I'm so excited to be here by the way.
 - I'm very excited to have you.
 I know that you're someone who can push themselves,
 but how are you around spicy food?
 - I don't know how I'm gonna do with enduring this,
 but that is my thing.
 But I'll tell you, so just to give you an idea
 of how much I love hot wings,
 when I premiered my show,
 which was the only premiere of a show I did
 for Reel or Magic,
 they wanted to go do it in a big place
 with a big movie screen so everybody could see it.
 And I said, no, no, no, we have to premiere it at Blondie's.
 And the premier is at a Buffalo Wing joint,
 a sport bar Buffalo Wing joint uptown in New York.
 So, and nobody could hear the show,
 but I was happy 'cause I could eat all the wings.
 (dramatic music)
 - So this first one is the classic chili maple edition here.
 - Oh, great.
 - Very nice.
 Maple, first time trying this one, hitting.
 - Yeah, it's great.
 - As someone building a big stage magic act in Vegas,
 I'm curious if this quote from David Copperfield
 rings true to you.
 It takes 500 shows to get a trick right
 and more than a thousand to make it feel good.
 - Mm-hmm.
 That was one of the things that amazed me about David
 was I went to see him after a show and it was Saturday
 and it was midnight and they were all so exhausted
 and his partner Chris says, oh, we've been here
 since 10 a.m., we've done three shows.
 Three shows in a day?
 'Cause my show has to be like once a month
 or twice a month max.
 I said, wow, how many shows are you doing every day?
 He said, well, we do three on Saturdays,
 two on every other day.
 Guess how many per year?
 300 more, 400, 500, nope, 600.
 650 shows?
 I go, whoa, David, that's crazy.
 What are you doing?
 And he says, well, it takes me about 500
 to get a new trick right, so that's the beginning
 of starting to understand a new trick.
 And I went, oh, got it, bingo.
 So yeah, I love that mentality and I agree.
 And I think all of my magician friends,
 it's like the ones that I love are just,
 it's a compulsion, that's all they think.
 It's great.
 - Yeah, a little scotch bonnet, tropical action in there.
 - It's great.
 - So when it comes to your obsession with magic,
 I've heard you recount multiple origin stories,
 much like the Joker explaining how he got his scars.
 Who is Lou Tannen and can you describe to me
 a typical day for a 10-year-old at Tannen's magic camp?
 - Oh, yeah, I'll tell you about that, that's funny,
 but I'm not gonna tell you about the camp,
 but tell you about going to Tannen's.
 Back then, the store was like this darkly lit shop
 with all these glass cases, and the glass cases
 had all these objects that you would die to have.
 So I'd stare at these things and just dream of like,
 oh my God, what could be done with all those things?
 But then in the back room, like this little side area,
 but not in the store, if you were lucky,
 the best guys in the world would just be hanging out there.
 And so I'd sit there and they would like blow my mind
 nonstop.
 Luckily, by the way, as a kid, I only did magic
 to my mother and her friends, 'cause if I did to other kids,
 they're a tough audience.
 They're gonna be like, hey, you weird, you suck.
 So I did all the magic to my mother and her friends,
 and I thought I was good because of their reactions,
 and that I just wanted to keep learning new things
 to make her amazed or whatever.
 (light music)
 - Mm.
 Might be like one of my favorite hot sauces I've ever had.
 I'm just having this moment now.
 So this is the first shoot of the new season.
 It's my first time trying the hot sauces.
 Pico Rico.
 I just made my way into Mount Rushmore.
 - I hate to say this, but I kind of love all of them so far.
 - Yeah, they are, they're all hidden.
 Delicious lineup.
 So your name is synonymous with death defying,
 larger than life spectacles, and to watch them from outside,
 they look like just such a pure stress test
 and human concentration and misery.
 But is there one that you'd describe as being like
 the most fun?
 Ascension to me looks fun. - Was the most fun.
 That was the most fun, but that's 'cause it was
 with my daughter, so that I worked out the hard part of it
 before she came to make it fun.
 But I have to say all of them are so fun.
 I think it's similar to this.
 I think it's like, ah.
 So it's like you go in and you're going up a mountain
 really hard, but you're so excited about it.
 And yeah, you take a couple of shots obviously,
 but it's the, like everybody says,
 it's not like getting to the end,
 it's like that whole process.
 So that process, that learning curve,
 is what keeps me excited about life.
 So they're all fun in a certain way.
 - Well that actually really resonates with me,
 'cause while you were saying that,
 I was like, that's exactly how I feel about
 these kinds of shoots, where they're all kind of
 their own journey and then their own experience.
 And then as much as you can kind of figure out
 how things are gonna go, there's lots of variables
 that you can't always test for
 and things always go kind of sideways,
 and then you have to adapt to those things.
 - And that's the stuff that I think is the best.
 It's like when you have to deal with the unknown,
 it's always amazing.
 So like on stage, when you get like a curve ball,
 it's like, that's what separates, I think,
 like a magician that's really comfortable
 to a magician that's uncomfortable,
 and which makes one seems great, one doesn't.
 The one that seems great, even though this guy
 might be just as practiced with the moves,
 the one that seems great when performing
 is when a curve ball comes, he's ready for it.
 No matter what scenario he's hit with, he can keep going.
 And it's interesting, 'cause with magic,
 people don't know the end result.
 So since they don't know the end,
 it's not over until you say it's over.
 So you could be like struggling for 10 minutes,
 but if the end is a monster, I like that whole,
 you know, the not working and then make it work.
 I like all these questions, by the way.
 - Oh, well, thank you very much.
 - Yeah, they're really good.
 - It's kind of early on in the game, you know,
 I have plenty of time. - Oh, so easy again.
 - I have plenty of time to knock this thing off the tracks.
 - Oh, great.
 - Looking at your face, I can tell it looks like
 you're four for four so far.
 - Yeah. - There we go.
 So your new documentary series, Beyond Belief
 with David Blaine has been described as a global odyssey
 across remote cultures, each embedded
 with unique histories and practices.
 Is there a mystical tradition that you learned
 along your travels that you thought was most compelling
 or that more people should know about?
 - Well, basically, when I was working on learning
 how to put a gallon of water in my stomach
 and then spout it out, I saw a little video
 of a guy doing it in Africa and we couldn't track him down.
 He wasn't a performer, he lived in a mud hut
 outside of Liberia by like four hours.
 So we spent five years trying to find him
 or something like that.
 And he had the secret.
 So I flew all the way there, learned the secrets from him,
 stayed there for, I think, a week or something like that,
 practiced all day, every day.
 And then finally, I got a little water spout,
 which means basically you put a gallon of water
 in your stomach, then you can hold it for a few hours,
 then you can spout it out like a stream.
 I still haven't mastered it, but I was trying it
 over and over, trying to get better and better.
 And a good friend of mine calls me up and says,
 his name is Dirk, he says, "You know that thing
 that you put on your show where you spout the water?
 I think I can do that."
 And he comes over and he comes in my bathroom,
 drinks a gallon of water and goes, "Pshh."
 And he does it better than any magician in history.
 So I spent years, traveled the world,
 and the guy that could do it lives next door
 like two blocks away.
 (laughing)
 Yeah, I love it.
 I think I prefer that not as oily, but it's still great.
 (laughing)
 - First time with the oil-based sauce.
 - It's still great, though.
 - Thumbs up, thumbs up.
 - It's still good, yeah.
 - All right, Dave, we have a recurring segment
 on our show called Explain That Gram.
 We're doing a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 For you, we have a theme called What Went Wrong?
 And we're gonna start from 2006, Drowned Alive,
 where you spent a week inside a glass sphere
 filled with water.
 - What didn't go wrong?
 (laughing)
 First of all, before I stepped in to the water tank,
 all of a sudden they said, "Oh, you don't have insurance.
 You need insurance to get in the tank."
 And all of a sudden I'm supposed to start the stunt
 and we didn't have the right insurance for Lincoln Center.
 So I was like, "Uh-oh."
 So then we're going crazy trying to get the right,
 of course you need all that stuff,
 but it was just one of those things that was overlooked.
 Then we go in and the hands and the feet,
 we didn't understand how that would become so painful,
 like a pain that is crazy.
 - I remember seeing the pictures of your hands.
 - And then the breath hold, the big thing,
 my whole goal was I wanted to go obviously to the record,
 which was 908.
 And I think I got to 708 and I started convulsing.
 My best friend happened to be in the front
 and he yelled, "Stop it!"
 And they all jumped in and pulled me out,
 but I felt like I could have kept pushing,
 for like another 40 seconds or something like that.
 So anyways, so yeah,
 there was a lot of things that went crazy.
 - From April, 1999, "Buried Alive"
 where you spent seven days and nights
 in a plexiglass coffin.
 - This one was the biggest mistake.
 It was the easiest one in retrospect,
 but my friend, Bill, same guy,
 said, "You should have something before you go in."
 So he gave me like a, it was called a mango bomb,
 it was a mango juice.
 And I couldn't use the bathroom in there, obviously,
 other than number one.
 So the whole week I had to hold the bathroom,
 it was so painful, so difficult.
 (both laughing)
 - All right, one more for you.
 This is from September, 2020,
 "Ascension" where you soared almost 25,000 feet in the air
 while holding on to dozens of weather balloons.
 - Part of my plan was to go higher than anything on earth,
 which was Mount Everest, 29,072 feet.
 And we stopped at 25,000,
 but they were remote popping the scoot
 'cause I think they felt that I was starting
 to become a little hypoxic up there.
 So I think I'm up there trying to go higher
 and I hear (popping)
 my balloons and I'm suddenly not going up anymore.
 But it was perfect 'cause nothing happened,
 nothing went wrong.
 That was the ideal, amazing scenario.
 - Nothing has gone wrong so far in the hot sauce lineup.
 Are you ready to move on here to the back half?
 - Sure.
 - All right, so this one, turmeric bomb here in the six bomb.
 - Oh, I love turmeric.
 (soft music)
 Yeah, that one is hotter, yeah.
 - So magic historian, Jim Steinmeier,
 he argues that the biggest problem with magic
 in the internet age is that it's damaged the skill
 of learning through asking.
 What are your thoughts on YouTube
 and the effects of social media in general
 on magic as an art form over the years?
 - Well, first of all, it's amazing that everybody now
 has access to see the great stuff.
 When I want to see kid, like the good stuff as a kid,
 when I want to see the best stuff as a kid,
 I'd have to go to the museum of broadcasting
 and you'd have to go through an archive
 'cause there was no way to dig stuff up.
 So it is amazing that you can study, see,
 and learn from all the greats.
 The disadvantage is what you're saying.
 It's like people like to copy, so when they see it
 and they don't become, when you read a book
 and learned a routine, you kind of processed it
 and you figured out your own presentation of it.
 And I think that's the best way to get your own character
 and your own learning curve.
 But I think he's right about that,
 that there is a side of it that is like,
 oh, well, it's so accessible.
 And then the secrets are all given away,
 but the secrets are often, number one, inaccurate,
 or the wrong method.
 I think the good stuff is still hard to find.
 - So this next one has kind of a fun name,
 Cosmic Disco here in the seventh spot.
 It's a party, we'll see.
 - Wow, this one's great.
 Taste-wise, this is like amazing.
 No, this one's amazing.
 This is, so far, this is my favorite.
 What?
 - No, seriously, this one's incredible.
 - Because it's hot as fuck.
 I respect it.
 I respect it.
 - If I wasn't here right now with all the cameras,
 I'd be getting these down to the bones, by the way.
 I've had people come up to me at restaurants and say,
 "You eat like a pig."
 - Well, here, open season.
 Let it fly, however you want.
 However you want, David Blaine.
 So academics and scientists,
 they've used you as a case study
 on the limits of the human condition.
 Do those findings, do they demystify
 the human condition for you, or is it the opposite?
 - No, it's the opposite.
 I think, that's what I think is amazing about life
 and humanity and everything,
 is that we're able to do things that we just,
 it's like you can keep dreaming up or coming up with things
 and we're able to achieve them.
 I love when I fail, 'cause it just gives me a chance
 to try harder to become better.
 - All right, so this next wing is the bomb beyond insanity.
 We always go out with the old, in with the new,
 on each new season, right?
 Except for this one that stood the test of time,
 because it's just that brutal.
 Are you ready to move on?
 - Yeah.
 - All right, so, whoa, going right in.
 - Wow.
 Good.
 - Wow.
 - Mm.
 This one's still my favorite, though.
 - Yeah, I don't think that this one is gonna take
 anyone off the throne. - The Cosmic is still
 my favorite.
 - Yeah.
 This one is just, phew.
 But here's where I'm kinda diving into your mind
 a little bit, 'cause I'm wondering,
 do you have an especially strong hot sauce tolerance,
 or is your ability to kind of concentrate,
 compartmentalize pain, focus through things,
 do you think that's giving you an edge here
 in this kind of setting?
 - I think I just mentally prepare myself
 or something like that, and then I'm ready for whatever.
 (laughing)
 - Hold on one sec.
 (gurgling)
 So, when you were a teenager performing at posh restaurants
 for diners, what was the number one guaranteed
 crowd-pleaser kind of trick in that setting?
 - Well, let me interrupt you on a thought.
 - Sure.
 - So, there's a magician named Garrett Thomas,
 and he's incredible.
 And he knows how to walk up to you and destroy right away.
 And the reason why is because he works in Buffalo
 at a Buffalo Wing joint.
 So, he has to get your attention over loud screens,
 sport events, people eating wigs.
 So, it depends.
 You want something short, visual, and strong.
 For me, it's usually cards.
 And then once they're, oh wow, this is interesting,
 'cause there's some strange weirdo standing over me
 trying to do magic while I'm eating.
 And then when you have them engaged,
 then you can start to do the stuff
 that you're passionate about.
 - You and me are probably similar
 in that we've seen some of the craziest physical reactions
 face-to-face with some of the biggest stars in the world.
 - If we took your reactions and put them to my card tricks,
 I'd have a whole new brand of magic.
 - Yeah, it'd be amazing.
 - I need to pour hot sauce on the cards.
 Take a card, now lick it.
 - Dave, let's take this show on the road.
 - Take a card, lick it.
 - Let's take this show on the road.
 - Now it doesn't matter.
 Look, ah, card just did.
 (laughing)
 (dramatic music)
 - We can move on here now to number nine, if you're ready.
 - I would love to.
 - It is called Unique Garlic from Smoking Ed Curry.
 - Mm.
 (coughing)
 - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - This one.
 (coughing)
 - Wow.
 - This one's a winner.
 (laughing)
 Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - This is from Pucker Butt.
 - Yeah, Pucker Butt.
 - I get it.
 Mm.
 But this one's delicious.
 (laughing)
 This is the first one I'm getting like a whoa, like that buzz.
 - Yeah.
 - Wow.
 - But you're liking the taste.
 - I love it.
 - I know, I can tell.
 - This one's incredible 'cause it also gives you that rush.
 - Yeah, I got that rush.
 I got a head high right now, David.
 I got a head high.
 - Yeah, that was nice.
 (laughing)
 - As someone who's done nine primetime magic specials,
 what would you say was like the goofiest creative note
 or suggestion you've ever gotten from a TV executive?
 (coughing)
 - One of my,
 (coughing)
 one of my favorite reactions to a trick was
 I made a quarter disappear off of a boy's hand
 in Barstow and his reaction, he just looked at it and went,
 cool.
 And I was in love with this kid.
 I was like, oh my God, this is the coolest reaction ever.
 Like he was so, it's like what I do when I'm doing magic.
 I give it time and I'm bizarre.
 Like that was everything.
 And I showed it to everybody so excited.
 And they're like, that's not, that doesn't work.
 That's not good TV.
 And I was like, but look, like look how amazing he is.
 And I fought.
 It was like, I am airing that.
 It was my first show by the way.
 So I didn't have like, I was fighting and I had like no,
 and everybody loved it.
 - Cool.
 - That was like one of my favorite TV moments.
 I was, that was like the one that I loved the most.
 I had to fight for the hardest ironically.
 - All right, David Blaine.
 You don't have to, if you don't want to, but as a showman.
 I can see you're going there.
 - Whoa.
 - Do it up.
 - I gotta, I gotta meet it.
 I gotta meet it.
 I have to meet the opportunity.
 Showman at heart over here.
 - So this is the final one.
 - This is the final one.
 - It's good.
 - Yeah.
 - It's really good.
 - Of course it is.
 - Wow.
 - We gotta have you as the premiere every season, you know?
 Just have you come in and make sure
 that we got the right sauces.
 All right, so David, we've taken on the wings of death
 and now the rest of the show to me is kind of a mystery.
 I don't know anything that's about to happen.
 All I know is we are to clear the sauces, right Dom?
 That's all I know.
 So we'll clear the sauces from the table.
 (dramatic music)
 - All right.
 - I brought a picture of something.
 Actually, I'll hold it this way.
 - Okay, Carolina Reapers.
 That's what that looks like.
 - Yeah, it's cool, right?
 - Yeah, I've eaten those a couple of times.
 I want to stay as far away from those as possible.
 Let's see how they just look like they start to go.
 - Yeah.
 - Let me just open up the case
 'cause these you don't want to mess with.
 So see, see like here, we actually have...
 These are a special from "Smoking Ed" directly.
 My favorite footage is you and Klaus.
 (laughing)
 - Yes.
 - Down in the basement of Jimmy's eating Reapers.
 - Yes, that clip is amazing.
 So yeah, so a little gift from "Smoking Ed."
 I think you know these well.
 - I know them too well.
 - And will you just,
 I mean, I'll show you all the cards are different.
 Mix them up.
 Yeah, perfect.
 That's good.
 We'll go face up.
 So can you pull some halfway out, pull some.
 Which one did you want that or that?
 Which did you mean?
 - I want this.
 - That one? - Yep.
 - Not this one? - Not that one.
 - Or this one? - This one.
 - Or did you want that one?
 - This one.
 - The king, the suicidal king.
 - Yes, suicidal king.
 - Is that why you chose that one?
 (laughing)
 That's funny.
 Okay, so we'll use the suicidal king.
 So look, I just give it a little.
 Actually, can you pull the piece for me?
 - Yeah.
 Not as good as the wings.
 It's gone.
 - Yeah, it appears to be gone.
 - You choose one for me and one for you.
 - All right, I'll have this one, you can have that one.
 - Are you sure?
 - No, no, I'm gonna swap 'em.
 - Do you wanna change back?
 - Yep.
 - Do you wanna change again?
 - No, I'm set.
 - You're set? - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Took a knife from your kitchen.
 Can you cut the pepper that you chose in half?
 Yeah, and open it, pull it open.
 You see inside, see there's a card.
 Yeah, you see that little piece of the card
 is the king of hearts, and here, put it right here.
 Let's put it right next to here.
 You can see that this is actually the exact piece.
 It goes right there.
 This is a piece, yeah, this is.
 - What the fuck?
 (laughing)
 - Amazing.
 My brain is frazzled right now.
 This is a smoking head pepper.
 - And here comes the part that I'm most excited about
 that I've never done, by the way.
 - All right, are you ready?
 - I don't know.
 - You never are ready, you never are ready.
 Cheers, cheers, grip it and rip it.
 I already know what this is gonna be like.
 David Blaine, this camera, this camera, this camera.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Wow.
 Wow.
 (upbeat music)
 Incredible.
 - Wow.
 (applauding)
 That was pretty awesome.
 Wow, that was amazing.
 - Yeah, so that's the Hot Ones experience.
 - Amazing, yeah, yeah.
 So, you've never eaten a Carolina Reaper before?
 - Never, this is my first time.
 - What do you think?
 - Amazing.
 A smoking head is my hero.
 - He is, he's all of our hero.
 - And I was like, 'cause I asked you guys,
 I asked you guys to get the pepper.
 And then everybody said, no, he's like, whatever.
 So then I just figured out, oh, I'd call smoking head
 and he's amazing.
 - Of course he comes through.
 - Oh, this milkshake hits.
 - Do you want some ice cream?
 - No.
 - Okay, thanks.
 (laughing)
 - Thank you so much for watching today's video
 and Hot Ones fans, I have a very exciting announcement.
 The Hot Ones Shake Shack collab is finally here.
 The Hot Ones cheese fries, the Hot Ones burger,
 the Hot Ones chicken, all made with a shack sauce
 that includes Hot Ones, the classic,
 along with the last dab.
 It's very spicy, it's very delicious,
 and it's available for a limited time.
 Now through the end of the year at Shake Shack nationwide
 and via the Shake Shack app.
 Be careful around your eyes
 and don't forget to order a milkshake.
 (burping)
 (upbeat music)
