 (sighs)
 It's just draining out my nose.
 Is that normal?
 Is that ha ha?
 (upbeat music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we welcome Drew Barrymore to the hot seat.
 She's the Golden Globe award winning actress, you know,
 from films like "The Wedding Singer", "E.T.",
 "Charlie's Angels" and many more.
 These days you can catch on Netflix's "Santa Clarita Diet"
 and hosting the "Drew Barrymore Show"
 which is set to premiere on CBS September 14th.
 Drew Barrymore, welcome to the show.
 - Thank you for having me.
 - Before we get started, I'd want to compliment your team.
 The way you guys have recreated the Hot Ones experience
 right down to the red napkins.
 I just want to say I'm humbled.
 I'm blown away looking at it.
 - Well, first of all, you deserve nothing less
 as does the show.
 And I know that if I'm watching it,
 I want to be in that environment.
 So let's be transportive and take people with us.
 What's this on the Scoville scale?
 - Nice and easy.
 Like 1800 Scoville, like very much sort of the table sauce.
 - Yeah.
 I know I'm going to be fine for a while and then not.
 - So recently you teased the premiere
 of the "Drew Barrymore Show"
 by interviewing Kenan Thompson and Kel Mitchell,
 the two stars of the cult classic film, "Good Burger".
 The three of you share in common the unique experience
 of navigating big screen Hollywood as kids.
 Do you feel a kinship towards those particular actors
 who've gone down that road and come out the other side?
 - I was talking to my daughters and their cousins.
 I had like a clown car of kids this weekend.
 And we were talking about a lot of these people
 who grow up in the industry.
 And I said, you know, the thing that you have to realize
 is how hard it is to grow up at all,
 let alone in front of everybody.
 People who can create longevity from being a kid
 into going an adult while doing it with no boundaries,
 it's an art.
 But anyone who can figure out how to navigate it,
 no matter what that journey looks like,
 if at some point they grow into themselves
 and there is any form of grace there, it's a big kudos.
 These wings are delicious, by the way.
 I can get down with a mock chicken any day.
 This is good.
 - So you've been acting since you were 11 months old
 and over the years have appeared
 in more than 70 TV shows and movies.
 So here, what we wanna do is just fact check
 some of the folklore surrounding your biggest roles.
 Fact or fiction, you were supposed to be the main lead
 in Scream, but fought to take a character
 who was killed in the first 12 minutes
 as a way to kind of goof on the audience.
 - Okay, so in the horror film genre,
 my biggest pet peeve was that I always knew
 the main character was gonna be slugging through at the end,
 but was gonna like creak by and make it.
 And that's the art of great filmmaking,
 that even if you know that, you're still like,
 oh God, what I wanted to do is to take
 that comfort zone away.
 So I asked if I could be Casey Becker
 so that we would establish that that role
 does not apply in this film.
 - Fact or fiction, in the lead up to Charlie's Angels,
 you, Cameron Diaz and Lucy Liu had to do
 a 40 mile survival hike as part of the training.
 - Ugh, I mean, I literally almost lost
 my two dearest friends.
 For the press tour, Marie Claire magazine was like,
 I know, can we send you to Outward Bound for three days?
 And of course the producer side of me was like,
 yeah, yeah, yeah, that's a great idea,
 that's fresh, that's different.
 We just got set out in the middle of nowhere,
 no blankets, no food, three days in.
 I lost my mind, and my girlfriends were like,
 we don't even wanna talk to you right now,
 and I just slumped in a corner,
 and I came back around at the end,
 and they kindly received me,
 but I got put out like Dino at the end of Flintstones.
 - Is it true that your grandfather's body
 was stolen from the morgue by W.C. Fields,
 Errol Flynn, and Sadakachi Hartman,
 so that they could prop him up against a poker table
 and throw one last party with the guy?
 - Not only yes, but there have been
 cinematic interpretations of that.
 A Blake Edwards film called SOB
 that's just brilliant and fun to watch no matter what,
 and then I've heard things about Weekend at Bernie's.
 I can't know ever if that's even true,
 but yes, they did, and I will say this.
 I hope my friends do the same for me.
 That is the kind of spirit I can get behind.
 Just prop the old bag up, let's have a few last rounds,
 and I think death comes with so much morose,
 sadness, and I understand that,
 but if it's okay just for me,
 if everybody could be really happy and celebratory
 and have a party, that would be my preference.
 I love the taste of this one.
 The Scoville scale in my mouth,
 Wilbur Scoville, 1912, zero, right here.
 Fine.
 So it wouldn't be a first-we-feast production
 if we didn't get extremely granular
 about your food preferences
 when you think back on all the movies that you've done.
 Which one had the best craft service, Home Fries?
 - No, ironically.
 It was the two Charlize Angels movies,
 and the reason I say that, and Santa Clarita Diet,
 because my favorite craft services
 are the ones that have the little mini sandwich-making area,
 and you just have a little stack of bread
 and some lettuce and some pre-cut tomatoes
 and some sliced cheese.
 Give me a sandwich bar any day, and I'm just so happy.
 - And then on Santa Clarita Diet,
 you know, you're like a zombie eating
 just what looks like gray meats and stuff.
 Does that food taste disgusting?
 Is it good?
 What is that?
 - So one time it was a raw chicken leg
 and it was cake when I bit into it.
 So it really kept it interesting.
 I never knew what I was gonna get
 'cause they were always trying to hit some mark.
 'Cause I don't think I'm a good actor.
 I like the genuine moments,
 and Sheila delighted in the human meat so much
 that it made my job so real
 'cause I always was having so much fun with it.
 Oh God, I love Sheila Hammond so much.
 She brought me back to life in so many ways.
 Ooh, all right.
 (gentle music)
 I just felt such tremendous relief
 and I just realized in that moment,
 oh, there's where I'm an idiot.
 - I've used this analogy before,
 but sometimes like professional wrestlers,
 they get cocky and then they get the chair
 smashed over their heads, you know?
 - The chair's coming.
 (laughing)
 - So we interview actors all the time,
 but it's rare to talk to somebody with their hands
 in as many honey pots as you have
 from the producing and directing credits
 to of course your production company
 alongside Nancy Juvenin.
 When you think about the fundamental ways
 that movies have changed over the years,
 what are some of the things that stand out?
 You know, I know "E.T." for example
 was a movie that was shot in sequence,
 but that's kind of a thing of the past.
 - That was, again, Steven just is the greatest genius.
 There is nothing more irritating.
 Actually, that's a hyperbolic statement
 that doesn't apply to this world at all.
 It's difficult and challenging
 when you care very much about your job
 and you wanna do a good job.
 Life is a journey, and we just don't know things
 until we know things, and a lot of the time,
 films will shoot the last scene of the movie
 right up front because of budgetary reasons.
 Shooting in sequence was the greatest luxury with "E.T."
 and it's just not really a realistic thing in the industry.
 But I do think the biggest change in the industry
 is the amount of movies that come out,
 the type of movies that can survive at a box office now
 are not the same type of movies that used to come out,
 mostly comedies, romantic comedies.
 You really have to have the expectations
 of tentpole comic book movies,
 but there's so much great storytelling now.
 So as long as it's rich in that,
 then bring it on and put it anywhere
 and everybody comes to play
 because what we all want watching it
 is relatability, entertainment, escapism, education,
 something to fall into.
 So if it's good, I don't really care where it is.
 I just wanna get lost in it.
 Oh, the grandma's coming.
 I mean, I'm not chinsing here either.
 (soft music)
 - Very impressed from this side of the Zoom.
 - I didn't wanna be a pussy and just like, you know.
 - All right, Drew, we have a recurring segment
 on our show called "Explain That Gram."
 We're doing a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 What do you remember about presenting an "E.T." doll
 to Princess Diana?
 - I remember it so well.
 I actually have a series of pictures from this
 and you can see Steven in that picture
 watching me like a hawk
 and I didn't have a dad growing up,
 so he really was that father figure for me
 and I just latched right on like Kauala, the eucalyptus tree
 and he was explaining like,
 make sure you present the doll to her.
 There was a curtsy and I just,
 for a seven-year-old little girl to be meeting
 not only a princess, but Princess Diana.
 It's like living in a fantasy.
 - Where does rushing the field at Fenway Park
 in front of a sold-out crowd rank amongst
 maybe the wildest scenes
 that you've ever had to shoot for movies?
 - Another fantasy.
 I also had to drop down from the green monster
 and I slipped and I smashed my disc.
 So I wasn't very comfortable,
 but I mean, you know, hey,
 give a disc for Fenway any day.
 But the Red Sox started winning.
 It just was this wild moment
 that we got to experience in history
 and keep filming right there on the field,
 including the winning game.
 It was like a front row seat to history.
 - You've done three box office shattering rom-coms
 with Adam Sandler.
 How early on did you recognize your unique chemistry?
 - I just, I wanted to be a pair.
 I loved what he'd put out in the world.
 There aren't a ton of men who have this sort of
 clean-cut, good person thing that guys are really into
 and girls love and they're just awesome comedians
 and their humor isn't mean-spirited or overly dirty,
 but it's not like so clean and sanitized.
 He hit every mark for me.
 And I thought if I could get on a magic carpet
 with this gentleman, I am convinced we could go places.
 I just have this admiration and adoration
 and I pretend it's an in love thing,
 but it's really just a love thing.
 And I have it with him and for him.
 And so I thought, can we do something with this?
 I can't like sit on this anymore.
 I love you.
 The Reaper.
 (soft music)
 Very smoky.
 - You can taste like the burnt chili in that one,
 as Action Bronson would say.
 - I am starting to schwitz a little bit.
 Like it's coming out the pores.
 - You're a member of Saturday Night Live's
 exclusive five-timer club and hold the title
 as the youngest person ever to host,
 doing a show alongside the likes of Eddie Murphy
 and a young Julia Louis Dreyfuss
 when you were just seven years old.
 - Saturday Night Live is a very big training ground for me.
 It's just a really like 360 kind of experience.
 And they're changing the dialogue on you at the last second.
 I don't like to look at the cue cards.
 I like to try and memorize everything
 so that if something goes wrong and it's live,
 that I'm not using a crutch,
 but they're changing stuff on you to the last minute
 and it gets so challenging.
 That's fear.
 Saturday Night Live is terrifying and I love it
 because when you're afraid,
 it means you haven't done it before,
 you're not confident and you are in this zone.
 And that's where I prefer to be,
 as sick and masochistic as it is, I love it.
 I have to admit, I was worried,
 what if I couldn't make it through?
 And by the way, I don't know why I'm saying that now.
 Oh, that was it.
 I just did it.
 I just screwed myself.
 I think you'll be fine.
 But you know, overall, I think I see, you know,
 people come into the show and there is like a natural
 sort of nervousness that happens with guests, you know,
 'cause you're really kind of stuck on the show with me
 in front of all these like scorching hot sauces and wings.
 And then you got cameras on you, like you can't escape.
 Like once you do someone's show, you can't escape.
 You're like, you're tethered here, you're stuck.
 How awesome is it that you found a format
 to make people nervous, squeal with delight,
 want to come on and test themselves,
 be a part of this party you've started.
 That is no easy feat.
 Hottest one so far.
 It's really interesting.
 It's where I seem to be experiencing the most
 side effects of this is just out my skin.
 - Yeah, it can kind of squeeze you like a sponge.
 I've said that before.
 You can kind of like sweat in places you didn't know you had.
 - Yeah, it's all here.
 - But be careful around there, you know.
 - Yes, I know.
 I keep touching it.
 Gosh, I know better.
 - I've heard you say that you have special admiration
 for entertainers who are chameleon like in their appearance.
 As someone who was once the face of Cover Girl,
 who are the people that stand out to you as trailblazers
 from a presentation perspective?
 - I,
 I,
 I,
 okay.
 I,
 I love when Madonna, Lady Gaga, Barbra Streisand,
 David Bowie, people would come out
 and I never knew what they were gonna look like that time.
 And I would wait with great anticipation
 of what their next act was.
 But like when Lady Gaga came out as a guy at the Grammys,
 I just fell over.
 I was like, yes, this is the type of thing I am craving
 and I'm looking for.
 It was the most unexpected thing for her to do.
 This is a woman who came out in meat dresses
 and inside of bizarre eggs with, you know,
 Roman soldiers carrying her.
 But it's not shock for shock's sake.
 It's all them and it's all there
 and it unfurls and unveils for you like great art.
 Why the red napkins, may I ask?
 - I think we just pulled them out of a shelf
 and then we've just been going with red ever since.
 But when we started the show, Drew,
 we did not think these things out all the way.
 We were not like, oh, color scheme, like palette.
 Like we were just popping this thing up
 and trying to make it happen.
 - Well, I'm so glad you did.
 I feel really stupid because I thought that maybe,
 just maybe, that I was gonna be different.
 I'm not.
 - Hot sauce has a way of humbling you,
 especially this one.
 - You know, my daughter actually, Olive,
 gave me some tips actually.
 - What are some of the tips?
 - She said, never stop chewing and fast, be fast.
 - Smart girl.
 - I also noticed that it seems like people make a mistake
 by licking their lips.
 So I'm trying not to do that.
 (breathing heavily)
 - So I understand that you have an endless appetite
 for classic novels and credit reading
 for inspiring your return to Hollywood
 after what you call an unemployable hiatus.
 Do you have a favorite literary Easter egg
 from one of your films?
 I read that the rabbit in "Donnie Darko"
 was inspired by the rabbits in that English novel,
 "Watership Down."
 - That's a Richard Kelly thing.
 - My literary Easter egg was reading
 "Still Life with Woodpecker" by Tom Robbins
 in "50 First Dates" because Lucy reads
 the same book every day.
 I love that book.
 - What's one Stephen King book and one Stephen King movie
 everyone should watch during quarantine?
 - "Stand By Me."
 - Oh my God.
 Oh my gosh.
 It's just draining out my nose.
 Is that normal?
 Is that how-
 - Totally normal.
 Totally normal, Drew.
 I'm right here with you.
 I'm right here with you.
 - Scarlett said it's like giving birth,
 but I had C-sections, so I couldn't relate.
 - As queen of the rom-com, which novel would you pull
 off the shelf for a hopeless romantic?
 - "A Farewell to Arms" by Ernest Hemingway.
 - Be honest, which piece of classic literature
 is the most overrated, Moby Dick?
 - I'm having a hard time processing.
 Never made it through Moby Dick.
 And also I'm like hesitant to crap
 on a literary masterpiece.
 I'm dizzy.
 Is that, that's normal, right?
 - How are you feeling?
 You want to move on?
 You want to chill for a sec?
 - Yeah.
 (breathing heavily)
 - It's down.
 It's over.
 What's the backstory of appearing in SZA's music video
 for Drew Barrymore?
 It's kind of the perfect cameo.
 - Well, first I went through,
 like a social media channel,
 which everybody would do, like, I don't know,
 like, hi, SZA, it's me.
 I love you.
 And if I can ever do anything one day
 that would please you or make you happy,
 will you let me know?
 And then she invited me to come do the music video
 and I showed up and I did.
 I asked her, why did you name the song with my name?
 May I ask?
 I'm not in the lyrics.
 What was it that became the moniker for it?
 And she really talked about that it was a feeling
 and something she related to
 and a feeling she had associated with me.
 That was why she wanted to name the song that.
 It's a real honor to be on anyone's radar
 that you respect, period.
 It's a, everything is changing.
 - Well, hold on, Drew.
 We're almost at the finish line.
 - Yes, Sean.
 - All right, Drew Barrymore.
 This is the last dab.
 We call it the last dab
 'cause it's tradition around here
 to put a little extra on the last wing.
 A little redundant here in these quarantine episodes
 since everybody's just dumping sauce all over wings,
 but here we are.
 And what a journey it's been, Drew.
 It's been lovely spending the afternoon with you,
 I have to say.
 - Sean, I honestly, I am having a surreal moment
 that I would ever be on your and your colleagues' radar
 because I, oh.
 - The sauce and talk, it's tougher than it looks, you know?
 - This is definitely the don't be a puss moment.
 Very strong.
 - All right, Drew Barrymore.
 Here we are at the end of our spicy food adventure
 and we've touched on your many interests in films,
 but to close things out,
 I wanna talk about one thing and one thing only,
 and that is whales.
 If you ask me, the most underrated project
 on your storied resume is "Big Miracle,"
 a film about rescuing whales in the Arctic Circle.
 So now with your brain on fire, your tongue ablaze,
 what do you find most special about whales?
 - The barnacles on whales is what I love
 because human beings have scars and marks
 and life upon them.
 And when I see those barnacles on those whales,
 it reminds me of wrinkles and life
 and how beautiful it is to have these badges
 all over your body of life.
 - Well, you know what, Drew Barrymore?
 The barnacles, they may stick to us.
 The hot sauce, it may challenge us,
 but at the end of the day, we just keep moving.
 We just keep going.
 We just keep swimming.
 And look at you, Drew Barrymore,
 taking on some of the hottest vegan wings
 in the history of the world.
 And now there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera or this camera,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - I'm so honored to say here on "The Hot Ones" with Sean
 that I am lucky enough to be doing a show.
 Yes, it's called "The Drew Barrymore Show,"
 but it's a show.
 And I want to have it be a celebration of life
 and explore and examine all of it and have comedy.
 And I'm really excited for this opportunity.
 So I guess that's what I came to plug,
 but I really came here to play.
 (clapping)
 Thank you.
 Thank you for having me.
 - Great job, Drew.
 Great job.
 - On top of Mount Scoville.
 Drew flexing it out.
 - Not Wilbur Scoville in 1912.
 (laughing)
 (burping)
 (dramatic music)
 (crowd cheering)
 (crowd cheering)
 (rock music)
 (rock music)
 (rock music)
 (fire crackling)
