 Yeah, I'm definitely sweating under my eyes,
 which I don't think I felt sweat there before.
 So, I'm feeling it.
 (upbeat music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Dua Lipa.
 She's a two-time Grammy Award winning singer, songwriter
 and her latest album, Future Nostalgia,
 is breaking all kinds of streaming records
 during quarantine, but today,
 it's a simple date with destiny
 against the wings of death.
 Dua Lipa, welcome to the show.
 - Thank you so much for having me.
 - I know that you're not much of a plan B person.
 What's going through your mind right now
 before we dig in for lunch here?
 - Just gotta go.
 You just, you go, you do it and you don't give up.
 (laughs)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay.
 Mm, smells good.
 Can you see it?
 I guess it's not very much,
 so it's like the first one.
 It shouldn't really be.
 Mm.
 (upbeat music)
 That one's really nice.
 - So Future Nostalgia dropped at the end of March,
 right as the realities of the pandemic were settling in,
 and the mechanics of a big international pop album rollout
 are typically so precise and tactical.
 Looking back on what must've been a difficult decision
 to just release the album anyway,
 what's something you were super stressed out about
 in the moment that totally turned out
 to be not a big deal at all?
 - Would anyone care?
 Is this a good time to put it out?
 There's so much suffering going on in the world,
 and is the music what people need?
 But I also realized that I wrote this album
 to get away from any outside pressures,
 anything that was going on in the world,
 to put it behind us and just dance and have fun.
 And I was like, maybe the time is now.
 Maybe the time is to just put it out.
 And the response was great,
 'cause it could've gone one of two ways, I feel.
 And I'm really happy that people reacted to it so well.
 So zesty.
 - I don't think it made it
 to the "Final Times" profile she did on you,
 but I heard Karen Gantz say
 that when she interviewed Katy Perry,
 Katy named you as someone who has what it takes
 to be a career artist.
 How do you think about your own personal longevity?
 Like, is that something you even strategize?
 - Well, I didn't know.
 She said that, that's really cool.
 And I'm such a fan of Katy.
 I can tell you that story in a second, but...
 In terms of a career artist,
 my dream is to be able to do this for as long as I can.
 All I wanna do is make music, write, and perform
 for as long as people will have me, really.
 And back to Katy Perry when I was like 15.
 I went to a Katy Perry show,
 and she was like inviting people up on stage
 to go and dance with her, and I was like,
 "I have to do it!"
 Jumped up on stage, danced with her, made my whole life.
 Chipotle and habanero.
 - It's good.
 - It's a bit spicy, but not too much.
 - So as someone who grew up a self-described G-Unit obsessive,
 you may be interested to know that our first ever guest
 on Hot Ones was none other than Tony Yeo.
 - Legend.
 G-G-G-G-G-G-Unit!
 When 50 Cent came down to perform in Kosovo,
 who was one of the first artists
 that I ever saw perform live,
 I really thought Tony Yeo was for some reason
 gonna come out of jail and show up in Kosovo.
 I was like, "This is the night, this is it's happening,
 I know he's gonna show up."
 Fortunately, he didn't.
 50 did an amazing show, love 50.
 Anyway.
 - Yeah, and on the topic of that concert,
 my understanding is that 50 Cent's 2007 concert
 in Pristina's city stadium was a historic event
 because it was the first international artist
 to perform in the capital
 as Kosovo was declaring independence.
 What do you remember about that time
 and maybe even more specifically, that concert?
 - My God, well, it was an open air football stadium.
 It was freezing cold,
 so everybody was in their winter clothes.
 I had learned all of 50's songs,
 I had read the book, I had watched the movie,
 I was super, super ready for the show, really excited.
 It lived up to all my expectations.
 I was like, "He's the best, I love him!"
 And that thought has never changed since.
 - Hotter than L.
 - Very on brand, guys.
 - In case you weren't aware,
 this is an Anglophile show at heart,
 so we can't let you out of here
 without taking a wing to talk about British things.
 For the uninitiated, why is Coco and Camden
 such an important London music venue?
 - I grew up in Camden,
 so Coco was my main concert venue that I would go to.
 I would always check the website,
 I would always try and see who was coming down.
 I saw J. Cole there, I saw Schoolboy Q there,
 I saw Bruno Mars and his Doo-Wop and Hooligans tour.
 It's like a small venue, it doesn't have a massive capacity,
 so to get to see those artists in those rooms was so surreal.
 And when I performed at Coco on my Hotter Than Hell tour,
 it was just such a life-changing experience for me
 not to be the kid at the barricade,
 just screaming every word and being so...
 I was so passionate about all the artists that I went to see
 and I was so excited to be there
 and to be on the other side was a massive dream come true.
 (gentle music)
 Los Calientes.
 Mm, I'll have a little bit more.
 I'm into that one.
 - So last year, Vogue dubbed you
 the signature Gen Z fashion star
 and I know clothes have been a passion of yours
 since the days of Do It Daily,
 a fashion blog you published in school.
 - Oh my God, don't.
 (gasps)
 How do you know about that?
 You really did your research, didn't you?
 - Hey, you're Dua Lipa, we have to know.
 - Oh my God, all right, all right, let's talk about it.
 My skeletons.
 - Well, Dua, don't worry,
 'cause we're gonna misdirect a little bit.
 What we wanna do here is show you
 some of our favorite Dua Lipa fit pics
 that we pulled off the wire
 and I'm hoping that you can talk us through each look
 to get the Dua Lipa style guide directly from the source.
 - Let's do it.
 - I've noticed you'll sometimes use your handbag
 as like a stylish paparazzi evasion tactic.
 Is that instinct or did someone teach you that move?
 - Okay, so this is definitely instinct
 because I was going through a really bad hair day
 on both of these pictures.
 I have bad hair days quite a lot.
 So when I went blonde,
 which now I've, this is actually the first bit of promo
 that I'm doing with my hair back to normal.
 But when I went blonde, it was kind of dramatic
 because my hair just slowly started like fizzling away
 and I just got this involuntary fringe.
 Yeah, that was just like paps
 literally outside the rehearsal studio
 and outside my apartment in New York.
 And it was more just self-protection.
 - Here you are in goosebumps, sweatpants,
 and then an anime wrap puffer jacket.
 Are those things you pick out
 because you're interested in what they represent
 or is it more just like, hey, that's a cool looking jacket
 or those are cool looking sweats?
 - It's kind of like a bit of both.
 Like I thought it was really cool.
 I love this brand, the jacket with like the Dragon Ball Z
 like anime drawings on it from this brand called Scoot,
 which is just a really cool brand.
 And the designer, she just, a lot of the clothes,
 she just kind of hand paints and she puts glue on them
 and colors it in and I love the whole process
 behind how she creates the clothes.
 Goosebumps, trackies, Goosebumps is one
 of my favorite shows that I watched while I was growing up.
 I've always loved scary things, scary movies,
 anything that would get my adrenaline going
 when I was younger and Goosebumps would be something
 that I loved and I read the books when I was little too.
 And so that was kind of like a bit of nostalgia
 that I was like, I have to have these.
 - What's the backstory on the Versace bodysuit?
 - I remember I wore this for a promo that I did for Colbert.
 But what was quite funny was after I did the promo,
 I went to this restaurant afterwards
 and I came out the restaurant and there were a couple paps
 and you chose a really good picture
 'cause there's one where, bless the pap,
 he was like walking backwards, didn't see the bin bags,
 which you see behind me here.
 And he just completely takes a tumble backwards
 and I'm just there and the picture's going, no.
 Then I was like, okay, I'm gonna stop
 and so he can take a picture 'cause I felt so bad
 then he fell over.
 - All right, Dua Lipa, thank you so much
 for the crash course.
 Are you ready to move on here to the second entry?
 - Yeah, let's do it.
 What's this one called?
 Seafire, gourmet, Reaper, hot sauce.
 (upbeat music)
 Is this okay?
 Is this gonna set my ass on fire?
 Is it?
 Maybe.
 - Probably.
 - Mm.
 (upbeat music)
 Yeah, that's really good.
 It reminds me of this Albanian,
 it's kind of like a sausage, it's called sojuk.
 It's just this really spicy sausage
 that's grilled for ages
 and it's got that kind of smoky flavor to it.
 - Did you grow up eating a lot of spicy food?
 Because we've been doing this remotely
 and typically what I notice happens
 is people just dump sauce on the wings,
 kind of like how you are,
 and we end up with such big reaction episodes
 'cause everyone's like oversossing the wings.
 But you're so composed, you're so...
 - Yeah, I'm quite good with spice.
 I'm quite good at it.
 My parents are really good with spice.
 Like since I was a kid,
 I have like such an early memory of my parents
 eating like really spicy peppers,
 windows open, sweating, almost crying,
 but literally not stopping.
 And since I was a kid, they're like,
 "Try some, have some, come on, that's not so bad.
 "Do it again, come on, just keep going."
 And I feel like I've always been like really adventurous
 and really into my spice.
 And so I feel like I've trained my taste buds a little bit,
 but I am feeling it, it's just not crazy yet.
 - So I know you have a close connection to your fans
 seeking artistic feedback from a select few via group chat
 and even talk about bringing back old school
 write in letter fan clubs.
 These stand groups, particularly in pop music,
 seem to be so well organized and tech savvy.
 Is that kind of support empowering
 or does it give you a little bit of an uneasy feeling
 knowing that even though they're acting on your behalf,
 you have absolutely zero control over them?
 - You know, I love social media.
 I love the whole connection with the fans
 and talking to everyone.
 And I spent so much time just like speaking to fans online
 and having group chats with them
 and going on Instagram and creating really like
 personal relationships.
 But sometimes social media can be quite intense.
 And when I was making Future Nostalgia,
 I had to like take a step back from Twitter.
 Some of the negative stuff started really getting to me.
 And then I felt like if I was to make a record
 that I was really proud of,
 I had to take a step back from all that.
 And with the fan club, I feel like people have to really go
 through the extra length to write me a hand written
 like hate mail.
 So I'm like, if that happens, I'm like, okay, I'll read it.
 Thank you, I'll take the criticism.
 But you know, I think it's nice to be able to kind of go back
 to basics a little bit.
 - All right, starting to sweat from the forehead
 a little bit, which means I think that it's time--
 - It's time for another one.
 - To number seven.
 - Okay, I think it's this one, right?
 The Thor's Hammer Super Hot Sauce, all right.
 (upbeat music)
 Oh no, no, no, I fucked this up, I put so much on.
 (upbeat music)
 - Figuring that one out.
 - Yeah, I'm like, it immediately made my nose start running.
 (upbeat music)
 Okay, so sniffles are here.
 - Your video for New Rules has more than 2 billion views,
 which is rarefied air for any artist.
 Besides just being a good record,
 are there specific details about that song or video
 that you think helped propel it to that level of success?
 - I really think the music video was like rocket fuel
 for the song.
 There was this one Versace picture with Naomi Campbell
 and Kristen McMenemy, and it just came up on my feed
 randomly and I was like, oh my God, this is so cool.
 It's like, two different versions of the song.
 Two girls helping each other up, you know?
 And I loved the imagery behind it,
 I thought the colors were really cool,
 and I kind of based the whole idea
 of what I wanted the video to be around that
 and how I am with my friends.
 And I guess that message just translated so well
 through the video and that was really amazing
 that it did that without us like trying in a way.
 - What's your all time favorite Dua Lipa music video?
 - Ooh, you know, I really love,
 I Don't Give a Fuck.
 Physical is my baby, that took us a really long time to do.
 Then there's like electricity,
 and that was the first music video I feel like
 where I was really confident in myself.
 And because I felt so myself and so free
 in that music video in that moment,
 it holds such importance and value
 and such amazing memories for me.
 And so that too, because I feel like
 if it wasn't for that, maybe there wouldn't be like,
 that feeling, then I wouldn't have had the confidence
 to go in and make future nostalgia.
 Beyond Insanity.
 - Oh, this one's like thick.
 - Harsh, instant.
 - Oh yeah.
 This one like hits a little bit after,
 I feel like I'm sweating now, but like under my eyes.
 - Well, careful around them, don't touch.
 - No, no, I'm not going to.
 I was warned before, I was like,
 that would be such a mistake.
 - So my understanding is that you went through
 a starving artist phase while getting your start in London,
 living off supermarket meal deals
 when the end of the month came around.
 Do you have a cooking or grocery store hack
 for the struggling musicians out there
 living on a tight budget?
 - Beans on toast, beans on toast.
 That's like one of my favorite like English meals.
 No, that's, it's like, I guess it's a meal.
 Am I crying?
 I can't tell.
 I'm like, I feel like I can feel tears, but I can't tell.
 - Yeah, I feel like a sponge that is slowly being squeezed.
 - Oh yeah, this is like,
 this is like the silent killer I told you about earlier.
 It's like, this is the one you can feel.
 Anyway.
 - What's an Albanian delicacy that everyone should try
 before they die?
 - Oh, Ayvahd.
 Ayvahd is like this roasted pepper,
 like, like paste, sauce.
 It comes in a jar and there's like roasted peppers
 cooked for a really long time with like a little bit of oil,
 salt, but it's the spiciness of the peppers that's delicious.
 And it goes on everything.
 Eggs, toast, your like spinach pita,
 which is another one of my favorite like Albanian dishes.
 It's like a pastry with spinach and cheese,
 which is delicious.
 I feel like I want to blow it.
 Yes.
 Oh my God.
 Okay.
 This is, this is spicy.
 - If you could collaborate with any artists
 from the disco era living or dead, who would it be?
 - Ooh, I was in the studio once with Nile Rodgers
 and we were gonna, we were gonna work together
 on the record and for some reason it didn't work
 for this album, but I'm dying to get back in the studio
 with him if he'll have me to like work on something together
 from scratch.
 He's such an icon and such an incredible artist.
 It's still okay.
 Like it's spicy, but it's okay.
 I think I've like, maybe I've like ruined myself.
 Like I doused my pizza in like Scotch bonnet sauce
 until I'm like crying, but I still don't stop eating.
 So I'm, I've clearly messed myself up a little bit, but.
 - Absolutely incredible.
 - I like it.
 I want one of these.
 - It's for you.
 Take the whole table.
 - Yes.
 Thank you.
 - Okay, Dua Lipa.
 Jesus.
 One second.
 (laughing)
 - I might have a little bit more.
 - Go ahead.
 - Is that really?
 No, maybe that's so arse.
 Is that just like, oh, look at me.
 Like, oh, I can have this, but I do kind of want some,
 but I just feel like I can.
 - The people will love it.
 Indulge.
 I've got a big, I've got a big wind up for this one anyway.
 - Okay.
 - Okay, Dua Lipa.
 We've reached the conclusion of our spicy journey together
 and I just have one more challenge for you on the way out.
 I've read that besides singing,
 one of your lesser known talents is spelling.
 Now, whether or not that's true, I have no idea,
 but that's not going to stop us
 from putting you on the spot anyway.
 This is our first ever Hot Ones spelling bee.
 I'll give you the word.
 I'll give you the origin.
 If you'd like for me to use it in a sentence,
 I'm happy to do that.
 Two out of three,
 and I think I speak on behalf of everyone watching,
 we would all be blown away.
 - All right.
 - First word is Scoville.
 Noun of English origin,
 a scale for expressing the relative pungency
 of chili peppers against that of pure capsaicin.
 - Okay, Scoville.
 S-C-O-V-I-L-L-E.
 - Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
 - Woo!
 - All right, xylophone.
 Noun of Greek origin,
 a musical instrument consisting
 of a graduated series of wooden bars.
 - Okay, xylophone.
 X-Y-L-O-P-H-O-N-E.
 - Bang, bang, two out of two.
 All right, finally, this is the last one.
 And it's actually the word that won the 1936 spelling bee.
 Eczema.
 - Eczema, E-C-Z-E-M-A.
 - Bang, bang, you got all three right.
 I am humbled sitting across the Zoom call from you.
 Now there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you, my friend.
 This camera or possibly a second camera,
 if you've set it up,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Hey guys, I just did Hot Ones.
 It was very hot.
 Future Nostalgia, my album is out now.
 I hope you like it.
 I hope it makes you dance.
 Send me videos of you dancing in the kitchen
 'cause we know we love that.
 All right, love you guys.
 Lit, thank you.
 This was so fun.
 I've been wanting to do this for so long.
 So I'm so happy to get to do this.
 Thank you so much.
 - Born from a delicious accident,
 the classic garlic Fresno edition came to be
 when we accidentally took a batch of the classic
 and mixed it with 10 times the amount of garlic
 recommended in the recipe.
 Whoops, well, you know what?
 At that point, a star was born.
 The classic garlic Fresno edition
 is now available at heatness.com.
 Heatness.com to pick up your bottle
 of the classic garlic Fresno edition around here.
 We call it the blue label.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (bright music)
