 I'm trying not to compartmentalize.
 I'd rather the burn be everywhere except exactly where it's at.
 [laughs]
 I'd love to spread this out a little bit, man, but I can't.
 It's getting hotter.
 Hey, what's going on, everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans, and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Dustin "The Diamond" Poirier.
 He's the number one ranked UFC lightweight,
 fresh off his win against Conor McGregor at UFC 257.
 He does amazing work with his foundation, The Good Fight,
 and his fate would have it he also has a hot sauce,
 Poirier's Louisiana style.
 For my money, the best new sauce of the year,
 Dustin Poirier, welcome to the show.
 Thanks for having me, man.
 A longtime fan and a spice lover as well.
 How do you think you'll do today?
 What is your headspace like going into this 10-win gauntlet?
 I'm focused, I'm prepared,
 I've put in the work these last 31 years,
 and I think I can do it.
 Let's do it.
 (upbeat music)
 That's good.
 Might taste familiar, it's in that Louisiana style.
 Right, it's got a little vinegar, not too spicy.
 Yep.
 I like it.
 So when Ronda Rousey was on the show,
 one of the things I found most fascinating
 about our conversation is her profound understanding
 of the human body and which ligaments and joints
 are most vulnerable.
 Thinking back on your last fight,
 what is it about the cumulative effect of calf kicks
 that makes them so devastating?
 I've been on both sides of the calf kick game,
 and it's very painful
 because the swelling has nowhere to go.
 The way your calf is constructed,
 the swelling can't spread
 throughout the rest of your leg.
 It stays compartmentalized in the calf,
 and it affects the nerves in your foot.
 It's called compartment syndrome.
 You can actually lose the use of your foot.
 When I had it done to me in New York a few years back,
 I went to the hospital, they wanted to cut me open
 to relieve the pressure inside of my leg,
 and it's painful, man, it's bad stuff.
 What is the most painful submission technique
 in your experience?
 The most painful?
 I don't like leg stuff, man.
 Heel hooks, knee bars, anything with the legs.
 It just feels too funky for me.
 Oh, that's good, man.
 I like this one.
 Yeah, it might be my favorite
 in the lineup this year, actually.
 Wow.
 That's good stuff.
 So I noticed that the first thing that you asked for
 on your return home from Louisiana, from Abu Dhabi,
 was King Cake, and it seems like the locals
 really came through for you.
 For those outside of the bayou, how do you explain King Cake
 and why is it so popular this time of year?
 It's always around Mardi Gras.
 It's always around the beginning of the year.
 It's King Cake, man.
 It's a special, it's kind of like a donut,
 a huge donut cake filled with cream cheese or chocolate,
 but it's Louisiana all the way, man,
 and I knew it was King Cake time,
 and I was out in Abu Dhabi, and I was just trading food
 'cause I was cutting weight,
 and I was just thinking about King Cakes.
 And then I know that your new Louisiana-style hot sauce,
 it just is the tip of the iceberg
 when it comes for your love of Cajun cuisine.
 Does Chef Poirier have a signature dish?
 Like, if you had a cookbook,
 what would be the meal that's on the front cover?
 Dang, dude, I got so many.
 I love a good gumbo, man.
 I love making my own roux
 and sitting in front of a pot with a beer,
 stirring it, and it's gumbo season right now.
 You know, it's a little chilly outside.
 It's perfect time for gumbo.
 Everybody comes over when you cook a gumbo.
 It brings the family together, and I love that.
 So I would do a good gumbo on that.
 ♪♪
 Slightly bit spicier.
 So I'm a big fan of your appearances
 on legendary boxing trainer Teddy Atlas' podcast
 because it really shows the side of you
 that's a student of fighting and, at the heart,
 really just a fan of combat sports.
 Is there a vet who you'd say took you under their wing
 or showed you the ropes when you were first starting out?
 There's two that come to mind
 that really helped me out a lot in my career.
 It's Tim Crater, Louisiana's first Jiu-Jitsu black belt,
 and another one is the grandmaster of thug Jiu-Jitsu,
 Eve Edwards.
 Of all of your UFC opponents,
 who, pound for pound, has the heaviest strikes?
 Conor McGregor is the heaviest-handed guy I've ever fought,
 and I knew that going into this last one.
 So I had a good awareness, and I had --
 That was six years ago, but you don't forget those kind of things.
 Besides Conor, who's the most savage trash talker?
 Dude, it's got to be Chael Sonnen.
 When he was at his prime --
 He could sing. -- running his mouth,
 he was selling paper views.
 Who would you describe as the most complete fighter
 you've ever faced?
 At the time, I would say Korean Zombie.
 When I fought him back in, I think, 2012, maybe,
 he was probably the most complete guy
 that I've run into up to that point.
 Who's your favorite fighter to watch in the women's division?
 Amanda Nunes.
 I really like watching Amanda Nunes,
 a pound-for-pound goat,
 but I got to give some respect to my girl,
 Ioana Jachic.
 She's a beast, man. Such a savage.
 What's the most unique octagon entrance you've ever seen?
 We're talking about the UFC, probably Tom Lawler.
 He's done some crazy stuff.
 But there's this one guy I've heard about in New Jersey
 who played the "Price is Right" theme song,
 and he was in the audience.
 People didn't know.
 He stood up and had a name tag on
 and handed the audience to the cage.
 That's amazing. He came and was like, "Come on down."
 ♪♪
 Little spicier, yeah?
 Mm-hmm.
 So, when you reach the pinnacle of a sport like you have,
 you know, there's oftentimes a lot of folklore
 surrounding the difficult road that it took to get there.
 I've heard you say that some of your amateur fights
 had non-standard rules.
 What did you mean by that, and can you give us an example?
 I've fought amateur fights where they ask.
 Everybody raise their hand
 if you want to be allowed to throw elbows tonight.
 And it's amateur fighting.
 You shouldn't be allowed to throw elbows.
 But we're fighting at a rodeo arena.
 I mean, everybody's coming back to the locker room,
 split open, stitches everywhere.
 Everybody's busted open.
 These kids just aren't at that level,
 and they're allowing us to throw elbows.
 Or I've been to events where the same thing --
 We go to the rules meeting, and they say,
 "A couple fights fell off of the card,
 so these fights aren't gonna be three-minute rounds.
 They're gonna be five-minute rounds."
 So now you're fighting five-minute amateur rounds.
 It's crazy, man.
 Yeah, and, you know, seeing that documentary "Fightville,"
 that is one of the scenes that stands out,
 is you doing these shows in rodeo arenas
 and warming up in the horse stalls.
 And, you know, sometimes I'll talk to wrestlers
 about their early years
 or comedians about their early years.
 And MMA fighters, it's kind of the same struggle.
 Can you give me one thing that you miss about those days
 and then another thing that you don't miss at all?
 Like, one high and one low.
 One high, for sure, is all my family and friends
 from Louisiana can drive to the event.
 Now I'm fighting across the world,
 and not too many people can make it.
 I really miss that, having everybody there.
 One of the things I don't miss is shady promoters, man.
 There's some slimeballs in this business,
 and you got to chase them for your money
 and checks, bouts, or you break your hand
 and they don't cover the medicals.
 It's a slime business.
 Smokey flavor, I like that.
 All right, Dustin, we have a recurring segment
 on our show called "Explain That, Graham."
 We do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 I'll show you the picture.
 You just tell us the bigger story.
 And first things first,
 it's you and fellow Hot Ones alum
 and Louisiana legend Theo Vaughn.
 Has hanging out with the Rat King inspired you at all
 to maybe start your own podcast or anything like that?
 It has, man, it has.
 He came out to South Florida this last training camp
 when I was preparing for Conor McGregor,
 and we did a podcast, like a little makeshift podcast
 inside of a strength and conditioning facility
 I was working out at.
 And I told him, "Dude, I would love to start a podcast
 and break down fights and talk about fights."
 And he thought it was a great idea.
 So yeah, he's definitely inspired me
 to get behind the mic and camera
 and put some content out there.
 And then on the other side of it,
 I know that he's been training a little bit.
 What is the Rat King's most impressive quality in the gym?
 He started training when he moved to Nashville.
 And I know he's doing jiu-jitsu.
 He's doing a lot of gi jiu-jitsu.
 So I would love to find out, actually.
 All right, up next, here's a post-fight vibe check
 after your win over Dan Hooker.
 Who in your career, when you think back,
 what has been the worst morning after bang over?
 - The bang over, dude, correct.
 When I fought Justin Gaethje out in Arizona,
 he partially tore my quad.
 So I couldn't really walk.
 Getting on the flight, I guess the elevation or whatever
 made my legs swell so much, I couldn't bend my knee.
 I was just walking around with my leg
 was like a big link of sausage, bro.
 I'm dragging it around.
 I can't move it.
 It's shiny, it's red.
 That hurt.
 - And then last but not least,
 here you are with a hell of a plate.
 How would you describe the significance
 of the crawfish boil in Acadian culture?
 - This is like doing family reunions every weekend
 whenever it's crawfish season.
 You know, everybody comes over, everybody brings something,
 and we all gather around a table outside.
 We boil the crawfish, pour them over the table,
 drink beers, tell stories.
 It's just such a great time.
 And things like that is part of the reason
 me and my wife moved back to Louisiana
 when my daughter was born,
 'cause I could not take that from her childhood.
 Really strong, man.
 Got like a little bitter bite there.
 - So the psychology of fighting
 is a topic of endless fascination.
 Can you explain what you mean
 by finding the calm in the chaos?
 Because I think for most people,
 instinct on that kind of confrontation
 is almost the exact opposite.
 - You know, you hear in your corner screaming,
 the crowd's going crazy.
 You see the boss there.
 This is my area.
 But in that moment,
 that's what I enjoy most about fighting.
 When I think about fights and stuff, it gives me anxiety.
 I'm like, "Dude, this is crazy."
 But what I enjoy the most is walking through the fire
 and being put in that position.
 That's where I feel comfortable.
 The world slows down and nothing else matters
 but that moment, and it's a special time.
 It's the realest thing you can do.
 It's hand-to-hand combat in the moment
 with someone trying to take you out.
 I love it.
 - Staying on the topic of athlete psychology,
 according to a 2013 study
 by psychology professor Michael Kraus,
 fighters who smile in their weigh-in stare down
 are more likely to lose than ones who don't.
 How much stock do you put
 into that pre-fight stare down face-off?
 Like, does it matter at all?
 - To me, I don't think it does
 'cause everybody's different, right?
 One fighter might be, you know, covering something up,
 trying to put on a front, smiling like he's tough
 but he's really terrified, scared out of his mind.
 The other guy might be really smiling
 because he loves the chaos.
 It's hard to tell, man.
 I don't take anything from those stare downs.
 - Who's the craftiest fighter you've ever faced
 when it comes to the dark arts of playing mind games?
 - Conor McGregor.
 The first time I fought him, 100%, no doubt about it.
 The art of war was on full display.
 He might've beat me before the fight started, man.
 Talked about Louisiana.
 I talked about my family, talked about my skillset,
 whatever he could say.
 I was a young fighter at the time
 and I just thought about everything he said too much.
 Then I would read comments and I would read articles
 of what critics and media are saying and stuff like that.
 And as I matured in the sport,
 I realized I just gotta focus on what I could control.
 Let's dive in, man.
 - Let's dive in.
 - Oh yeah, immediately.
 I'm going in again.
 - There you go.
 There you go.
 - Yeah, this is definitely a step up.
 Big time.
 - Wait till you try the next one.
 - I have before.
 (laughing)
 - I won't mention any names
 'cause it's probably beneath you
 to address it in any specific way.
 But I am curious about your thoughts
 when it comes to these YouTuber boxing matches.
 There does seem to be two schools of thought.
 You know, those who think that the excitement
 around these events is good for the sport.
 And then the other school of thought being
 that this is a total embarrassment to boxing.
 Where do you fall on that spectrum?
 - Right, if you're selling pay-per-views,
 it's entertainment, but at the same...
 This looks hot, man.
 I think I poured too much on this one.
 - Looks like it.
 - I know the instructions told me to measure, I did not.
 I'm gonna be honest.
 If you're selling pay-per-views
 and you're in the business of making money,
 it's entertainment.
 I understand that.
 So I know why these guys are getting pushed
 and all this stuff.
 But if you're a true boxing fan,
 I see on that side as well,
 why you don't want these guys
 to be representing a sport that you love
 or the casual fans out there
 when they talk about combat sports,
 you don't want them to think of somebody
 who's misrepresenting people who've worked
 their whole entire lives to master a craft
 that very few do, you know?
 But it's business.
 I understand.
 I understand what's going on.
 - When you see like internet clout monsters
 cutting these WWE style promos
 against like actual elite professional fighters,
 does that cross a line to you?
 Or is that just something that goes
 with the territory these days?
 - It crosses the line to me
 because I'm one of these guys who can really scrap.
 I wish that these guys would get
 the fights that they're calling for
 and get in there with real opponents.
 And then we see, you know, see who's talking after.
 (dramatic music)
 Let's go, man.
 I'm feeling it.
 I'm feeling it.
 Oh, man.
 - Right away.
 - Right away.
 - File.
 (coughing)
 - I got some milk over here, but I'm not touching it, dude.
 - Do you still watch Food Network when you're cutting?
 That sounds like torture.
 - Yes, I do.
 I went on a marathon of guys' grocery games, huh?
 Trying to count.
 I probably watched three seasons.
 - I've heard that you are trying to go
 after your own food show.
 Do you have an elevator pitch while you die on Da Bomb?
 Because, you know, when you're ready to go,
 you might have a home here at First We Feast.
 - I got it here.
 Food fight with Dustin Poirier.
 We go to different cities.
 I check out a couple local gyms.
 I train with the guys there.
 Then we go to local restaurants.
 I get in the kitchen, cook a little bit,
 hear about their story.
 Food fight, the amante, boom.
 I'm sold.
 Schoenberger, order the run.
 20 episodes, out the gate.
 - Put the stare.
 My eyes watering.
 I'm starting to sweat.
 I'm trying not to compartmentalize.
 I'd rather the burn be everywhere
 except the jacket where it's at.
 (laughing)
 I'd love to spread this out a little bit, man,
 but I can't.
 It's getting hotter.
 I'm trying my best to be tough right now, man.
 (dramatic music)
 Yeah.
 I don't even taste the flavor.
 It's just burned.
 The flavor is burned.
 - Right, just straight fire.
 - Yeah.
 - So I know that one of the ways
 that you used to unwind between fights back in the day
 was you joined a bowling league in your native Louisiana.
 If you don't mind me asking, what's your average score?
 - I was average about 165.
 I know it's not the best, but it's an average.
 That's my average.
 You know, the camaraderie of just a bunch of guys
 that work all week and can't wait to be off of work,
 finally go to the bowling alley, get some beers down,
 knock some pins down, and have some fun, man.
 It's just good friendship, good camaraderie.
 Kind of the same thing that I started going
 to jiu-jitsu gyms for, obviously to learn how to fight
 and get better, but then I realized that I enjoy
 being around these guys, you know?
 When I'm not choking them, we have a good conversation.
 (laughing)
 (gentle music)
 Let's go, man.
 Do I have to dab it?
 - Oh, you know what?
 I like that, 'cause you know this show.
 You know, usually on these quarantine episodes,
 I hold off 'cause it's so clumsy to try to do it
 and everybody's already oversossing,
 but Dustin, since you know the show, let's do it.
 Bringing it back.
 - Don't shorten, John.
 Do not shorten me on this experience.
 - I would never, I would never.
 This is the last dab.
 We call it the last dab 'cause it's tradition around here
 to put a little extra on the last one.
 You don't have to if you don't want to.
 There it is, Dustin. - I'm in.
 - Cheers, what a run.
 - Oh, yeah.
 (gentle music)
 - Deep, extremely peppery.
 - Through the nostrils, it burns.
 (laughing)
 And instantly, my cheeks start sweating.
 - So here we are at the end of our 10-round bout
 against the wings of death,
 and there's only one obstacle left in the way
 before the final bell.
 You know, I'm so proud of you making this hot sauce
 that is so distinctly you.
 In the Louisiana style, and even working with Heartbeat,
 which is one of the great makers.
 So now that you have a sauce that's distinctly you,
 I wanna play a hot sauce name association game.
 I'll call out a couple of these bottles,
 and you just tell me the first fighter it reminds you of,
 okay?
 A mild sauce like the classic, the first one that we tried.
 - The mild sauce like a classic.
 A classic sauce is one you can use every day.
 Frankie F. Eggers, a fighter spider.
 You can always trust him.
 Trust on him.
 - What about this seventh spot,
 the torchbearer honey badger?
 - The honey badger.
 A buddy of mine named Jake Hune, the honey badger actually.
 Unpredictable and wild, man, just like this sauce.
 (laughing)
 - Da Bomb beyond insanity.
 - Da Bomb beyond insanity.
 Mike Perry, 'cause he's insane.
 (laughing)
 - And then finally, the one we just had, last dab Apollo.
 - Last dab Apollo, let's go with Conor McGregor.
 This is that one hitter quitter.
 All you need is one drop.
 - Put the hot one strap on Dustin Poirier,
 taking on the wings of death and living to tell the tale.
 And now there's nothing left to do,
 but roll out the red carpet for you, my friend.
 This camera, that camera,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - I have the Good Fight Club,
 check it out at thegoodfightgroup.com.
 We're currently crowdfunding
 for the Project Learn initiative
 with the Boys and Girls Club.
 We're doing some big things in Louisiana
 and across the world.
 And also, Poirier's Louisiana style hot sauce,
 it's great, it's true to a Louisiana hot sauce,
 but there's layers of flavor.
 You gotta check it out.
 (clapping)
 - Great job, Dustin, great job.
 - I'm hurting, man.
 I'm hurting over here.
 It's about how I thought it would be at the beginning,
 smooth sailing, but when we get here, this area,
 if you're not careful with the dousing of the sauce,
 you're gonna pay for it.
 And that's where I'm paying for it.
 (laughing)
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on, Hot Ones fans?
 This is Sean Evans checking in to say
 thank you so much for watching today's episode.
 If you enjoyed it, maybe like it,
 maybe throw us a subscribe even, if you're feeling generous.
 And as long as you keep watching,
 fuck it, I'll keep eating.
 (upbeat music)
