 (dramatic music)
 - Yeah, this is like a car crash.
 (laughing)
 - Oh wow.
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Ed Helms.
 He's an actor and comedian whose credits include
 some of the all time most successful comedy franchises,
 including The Office, Daily Show, and The Hangover Trilogy.
 His latest project though is True Story with Ed and Randall,
 an original comedy series streaming exclusively on Peacock.
 Ed Helms, welcome to the show.
 - Thank you so much for having me.
 - Before we get started, how would you gauge your level
 of comfort around spicy food?
 - My teens and twenties, I took pride
 in really going for the hot stuff.
 My brother called me asbestos tongue.
 - Wow.
 - Because I would always order the hottest version
 of whatever we were eating.
 I haven't done that in a long time.
 And I'm nervous.
 Like I'm really nervous.
 Good.
 I mean, it's the classic, right?
 - Right.
 Piece of cake.
 I mean, quite yummy.
 - So your new show, True Story with Ed and Randall,
 is a hybrid scripted, unscripted series
 where regular people tell you and Randall Park
 their craziest personal anecdotes,
 which are then brought to life
 through dramatic reenactments.
 How much of a good story would you say
 is in what actually happened?
 And then how much of a good story
 is in how the story gets told?
 - Well, that's a great question.
 It's gonna come down to the balance between the two
 because something incredibly mundane
 can be so funny if it's told really well.
 I remember Louis Black, back when I was on The Daily Show,
 we would be meeting up at a taping somewhere,
 like a remote somewhere,
 and he would just start talking about his trip
 to the location and about his interaction
 with the cab driver that was crazy,
 and then someone spilled coffee on him.
 Did the dumbest sort of story, but he was so funny.
 He could just kill us with these simple stories.
 Then, if you have a really,
 like a story that's inherently crazy,
 then it actually doesn't need a whole lot of top spin.
 Where we got really lucky on this show
 is that the stories themselves are absolutely insane,
 and the people that we got on the show are amazing.
 They're just incredibly warm and hilarious
 and vulnerable people.
 Like, they really open up to tell us these stories.
 It's really cool.
 Mm, I'm getting that garlic.
 That's number two.
 - Right.
 - Holy shit.
 All right, I mean, I like it.
 I'm still happy.
 I'm not angry yet.
 I'm gonna take another bite.
 - There you go.
 - Because it is yummy.
 - So, one of my favorite parts about your conversation
 on Pete Holmes' podcast is when you recognize
 that the comedy club in "Crashing"
 is actually a replica of the Boston,
 a since-shuttered comedy institution
 where you began your career.
 Thinking back on those days when you were hosting
 the Monday night New Talent Showcase,
 what about that time in your career do you miss the most?
 And then what's a harsh reality about making a career
 in comedy that you had to learn the hard way?
 - Great questions.
 I think what I miss most about that time was
 it's sort of hard to articulate,
 but there's this feeling when you're in the comedy clubs
 as when you're really starting out and you're young,
 and there's nowhere to go but up.
 You know, you're at the bottom rung,
 and it just feels like anything's possible.
 Your dreams are still tangible,
 and after you're in it for about a year or so,
 and it's down to a pretty core crew
 of really committed comedians,
 you really feel a part of something,
 like a part of a comedy freshman class, if you will.
 And then you had upperclassmen
 that were slightly more established,
 and then you had the seniors that were out there
 doing big tours and stuff.
 I don't know, I felt part of something.
 It was a special, special time.
 (gentle music)
 Calabria, very sophisticated sauce.
 Yeah, I like it.
 - Is it true that the bathtub scene in "Jeff Who Lives at Home"
 came about with the Duplass brothers
 basically just pointing cameras at you and Jason Segel
 and then just letting you riff
 in a 40-minute long uninterrupted improv session?
 - Yes.
 But actually, that was the whole movie.
 The entire movie was improvised.
 So I remember getting the script and being like,
 "Oh, this script is so great.
 "I can't wait to do this.
 "This'll be so fun."
 And then Mark and Jay were like,
 "Yeah, but you're not doing any of those lines.
 "You're not gonna say any of it."
 What?
 "Yeah, we're gonna improvise the whole thing.
 "You and Jason are just gonna like..."
 This was improvisation in the service
 of making the dialogue sound as real
 and visceral as possible.
 And that was really a fun challenge.
 I'm super proud of that movie.
 I'm glad you brought it up
 'cause it doesn't come up very often.
 And it was a great, great project.
 - Is it true that there were no special effects involved
 in the missing tooth in "The Hangover"
 because you actually just never had
 an adult incisor grow in?
 - Yes, that is true.
 Some of these sauces are talking back.
 But it was in the script
 and so right away, once we got into pre-production,
 Todd, the director, was like, "How are we gonna do this?
 "What are you comfortable with?"
 And I said, "Well, let's, I don't know.
 "We'll talk to the visual effects guys."
 And they said, "Okay, we'll try blacking it out."
 So we did a little screen test with just like,
 Halloween pirate costume style,
 like just some black on the tooth,
 which actually looks good in person,
 but on camera it looked terrible.
 But I was like, "I wasn't gonna say anything,
 "but this tooth is actually fake in my mouth."
 And I can ask my dentist if we could take it out.
 I mean, it's been a permanent implant since I was a teenager.
 I went to my dentist and he said, "Oh yeah, no problem.
 "We can just take the crown off
 "and like put a little thing in there
 "to keep your gum healthy."
 And I had to go back and shoot the office at the same time.
 And so he made me a retainer with a fake tooth on it,
 which made me sound drunk
 'cause I was like, my tongue couldn't form words,
 but we got through it.
 Angry Goat Pepper Company.
 Let's do it.
 I thought like, maybe I got a very light coating on my wing.
 - But upon further investigation.
 - But yeah, then it sort of has a afterburner, right?
 Ooh, yeah.
 Still delicious though.
 - So some people watching this may be surprised to learn
 that in addition to being a prolific actor,
 you're also an experienced banjo player
 and still perform alongside your band Lonesome Trio,
 which you created in college.
 What's your defense of the banjo
 to people who lump it in with the accordion
 or the ukulele or other instruments
 that don't get the respect they deserve?
 - There's no defense.
 They're exactly right.
 It, there's very little redeeming about a banjo.
 I love the banjo and I love to play it.
 I consider that a curse.
 It's obnoxious, it dominates.
 It's very hard to play well,
 so most of us play it kind of badly.
 I have some little gene or clump of brain cells
 that is drawn to it and I can't explain it,
 but I would never try to defend a banjo.
 I never try to convince someone that banjos are great.
 Either like it or you don't.
 - Well, I appreciate the education,
 and are you ready to move on here to the midway point?
 Los Calientes Rojo, and you're doing fantastic.
 - That's enough about bluegrass helms.
 Shut up about the goddamn banjos.
 Let's eat some wings.
 All right, where are we?
 - Los Calientes Rojo.
 - Okay, somebody in the crew just moaned
 because they're scared for me right now.
 I feel like when you take that first,
 whoa.
 When you take that bite and you're like,
 okay, all right.
 It's kind of like when you sit on a roller coaster
 and the lap bar comes down and you're like,
 okay, all right, no big deal.
 Trick or treat, you're going up the hill.
 And then once the sauce kind of hits your,
 hits your whole mouth, that's when the--
 - It expresses itself.
 - Right.
 - All right, Ed, we have a recurring segment on our show
 called Explain That Gram.
 We do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So we'll pull the picture over here on the monitor
 and then you just tell us the bigger story.
 - Great.
 - Can you give us one highlight and one low light
 from competing in the Malibu Triathlon?
 - That's hilarious.
 The low light of the Malibu Triathlon for me
 was that I was entered in the celebrity heat.
 And what that means is that, you know,
 that the heats of the triathlon go from fastest to slowest.
 So the first heat is actually the professional triathletes
 and then they get slower from then out,
 but they stick the celebrity heat second, okay?
 So the celebrities, doesn't matter how fast or slow
 you are as a celebrity, you're in the second heat.
 And I'm a really good swimmer,
 so I actually did pretty well in the swim.
 But then for the bike and the run portions,
 the entire rest of the time,
 I was just getting passed the whole time
 and really humiliated.
 Everyone's like, "Seriously, Helms?
 "You can't even keep up at this point?"
 But I just was, I was doing my own thing,
 moving at my own pace.
 - This next one is the Queen Majesty, Coco Ghost.
 - Okay, oh, chocolate.
 I like, right?
 - Not what you're, not the kind of chocolate you're thinking of.
 - It's like, Coco Ghost is like, "Chocolate?"
 - Yeah, yeah, like a cereal or something, Coco Ghost.
 - But then ghost is scary, I don't know.
 It's yummy.
 It's yummy and it's hot.
 But it's not kicking my ass yet.
 This one isn't.
 - Oh, it's such a, that's a rather poetic segue
 into this question.
 Sometimes when guests come onto the Hot Ones set
 and they're really confident
 or think that it won't be a big deal,
 there's a degree to which I sit here knowing
 that they don't realize that the game
 has more or less been rigged
 to ensure that they fall into a trap at some point.
 And I'm wondering if you think there's a connection
 that could be made between that
 and doing Daily Show field pieces.
 To what degree are you guys playing 3D chess,
 where even if you go in there
 and who you're talking to knows what you're there to do,
 maybe it's just still impossible to stop.
 - So you're telling me that I'm gonna die,
 is what you're saying.
 You're telling me that I now have a false sense of security.
 - The last chapter has not been written yet.
 - No, actually, it really felt like you were churning
 in a lot of gears to draw that metaphor,
 but it's good, it's a good one,
 because shooting a Daily Show field piece,
 it was always surprising to me, first of all,
 that certain people were just willing to talk to us.
 The other thing that surprised me was that every time
 someone thought that they knew the show really well
 and that they could sort of like outsmart us
 in the interviews, kind of like me,
 like I'm like, "Hey, I can handle some hot sauce."
 They would fall the hardest because they just,
 they really don't have any idea like how we do it,
 like what our techniques are in the interview
 and especially in the edit, like what we're able to do
 and that, and it's like, the more hubris,
 the harder they fall.
 - That's what I've found too.
 Sometimes I make the analogy,
 it's like a professional wrestler,
 when you start showboating,
 that's when somebody smashes a chair over the back of your head.
 - Sure, yeah.
 - Well, speaking of, are you ready to move on
 to the next wing?
 This is "13 Angry Scorpions, Jekyll and Hyde."
 - Oh wow, I mean, couldn't it be either or?
 Like 13 Angry Scorpions feels like enough of a name,
 but you have to also be Jekyll and Hyde?
 All right.
 I mean, if it's Dr. Jekyll, we're fine.
 - This one's Hyde.
 - This one's Hyde, okay, this is Mr. Hyde.
 All right, here we go.
 Oh, and this has got a lot on it.
 - It's shiny, this one's shiny.
 I feel like this is like 20 or 30 scorpions.
 I don't know if they told you,
 but I have to go do another interview after this.
 - I can tell because of like where the time slots are.
 You know what I mean?
 Like the one o'clock start, I'm like,
 oh, well they probably have more to go after this.
 - I'm gonna be a disaster.
 - No, I think it'll be better.
 It'll be better as a result.
 - You're right, you're right.
 We're gonna provide the rocket fuel
 for the rest of your press day.
 - Yeah, that's got a lot of kick.
 - So I've heard you describe the process
 of creating the Andy Bernard character
 as one of the most thrilling creative endeavors
 of your life.
 Was there a particular Andy Bernardism
 or piece of backstory that helped you crack the code
 on that character early on?
 - I love that character so much
 and I'm so proud of the work on that show.
 (crowd booing)
 But we might need to call a medic.
 Just saying, if there's like a mouth medic,
 like somebody who's specific, no.
 - Dom, just hover over the button.
 (laughing)
 - Like I feel like maybe I could sit in front of a fire hose
 and just that that would feel good right now.
 The most exciting part about the creation of that character
 was the tit for tat between performing
 and the writer's writing.
 So they would endow Andy with something really funny
 and then I would put some top spin on it
 when I was improvising during a take or something.
 They would see that like that and add more to that.
 And so it really was this feedback loop.
 And in that first season, we just,
 he became a very rich and complex nuanced character
 very quickly because we were just having so much fun
 kind of psycho analyzing this guy.
 - That's how the eight episode deal turns into six seasons.
 - That's right, yeah.
 - All right, Ed, how are we doing?
 How are we doing?
 - We're good.
 I mean, my nose is sprinting, but let's do this.
 Beyond insanity and it actually has
 a biohazard symbol on the label.
 Here we go.
 (dramatic music)
 - Oh yeah.
 Oh wow.
 - That's different.
 - There's nothing redeeming about that.
 It's not, it doesn't taste, ow.
 Ow.
 Ow.
 - So I always think it's funny when things like
 boiled peanuts from the Methodist men of Inglewood Church
 in North Carolina become coveted items
 in the gift guides of fancy food magazines.
 Oh my God.
 As an Atlanta raised polite Southern boy yourself,
 what role did roadside boiled peanut stands play
 in your life?
 - Are you seriously trying to do this interview still?
 Like, this has turned into like a,
 (tires screeching)
 yeah, this is like a car crash.
 - Oh wow.
 - That is so brutal.
 Wow.
 Roadside boiled peanut stands was very much a part
 of like Southern back road or highway culture.
 And my dad loved boiled peanuts.
 He's from Alabama and I just grew up eating boiled peanuts
 out of paper bags a lot on road trips.
 And I loved it and I missed it.
 And there's not much more to that story.
 Are you happy now?
 - For the uninitiated, what is a pimento cheese sandwich?
 And then what distinguishes a good one?
 - Okay.
 A pimento cheese sandwich.
 I mean, it's amazing how good you are just staying on track.
 So I'm just gonna try, I'm gonna rise to your level.
 I'm gonna try to answer these questions.
 - Connect way, even though I'm gonna need
 a defibrillator very soon.
 - Dom, get that medic.
 - There is no bad pimento cheese.
 I've had the gamut, like my elementary school
 would give pimento cheese sandwiches on field trips.
 And it was like Wonder Bread with like
 the crappiest ingredients, delicious.
 I loved it.
 And then my mom would make like this exquisite recipe
 with like all kinds of spices and stuff.
 Also amazing.
 I'm throbbing.
 My face is, the front of my face is throbbing.
 This is doing permanent damage.
 Like this is doing damage to my mouth
 and it's doing neurologic damage.
 Like I can't think straight.
 I'm unable to like carry on a clear conversation with you.
 - Equilibrium off.
 - I'm drooling.
 Things are coming out of my mouth.
 I can barely feel it.
 Oh man.
 This is also bringing out like the inner masochist in me.
 Like I'm having fun.
 Like I do wanna keep going.
 Oh, I should have taken a pepsin before this.
 - Oh yeah.
 - Okay. Extra Mean Green, Pucker Butt, great name.
 (laughs)
 - Well, I couldn't tell you what it tastes like
 or what it feels like 'cause my mouth is completely numb.
 - That's the blessing.
 That's the blessing of Da Bomb.
 That's the blessing of Da Bomb.
 - But just having something in my mouth
 is a little bit soothing.
 So I'm gonna take another bite.
 - Wow.
 Putting on a show.
 How would you describe your complicated relationship
 with acapella music?
 You once told New York Magazine
 that it's the most paradoxical art form there is.
 - It is, right?
 When people are performing acapella music,
 there's like, even if they're the most benevolent,
 wonderful, kind human beings,
 it just comes across as kind of like smug
 and self-indulgent.
 I don't know why that is.
 It's a weird thing.
 That said, it is the most fun thing to do.
 Like if you're in a good acapella group,
 which I was in college.
 - Shout out Oberlin.
 - Oberlin Obertones.
 We were so tight.
 It was so fun.
 Like it just is really fun to do.
 So yeah, it's a weird,
 I think anyone who's into acapella music
 kind of understands that paradox.
 - All right, Ed.
 - Yeah, are we shaking it up?
 - You don't have to if you don't want to.
 - Of course, I'm not gonna buck a tradition.
 - Are you kidding me?
 Seriously?
 Like two drops?
 That was like four drops.
 And you were like...
 - Just looking out for the rest of your day.
 - Okay, good.
 Thank you.
 I'm gonna trust you.
 - Cheers, Ed.
 What a ride.
 - Hey, yeah, this is super fun and cool and harmful.
 Here we go.
 (soft music)
 Again, the lap belt's coming down.
 I don't know what ride I'm in for yet.
 - This one, it billows a little bit.
 It grows a little bit, but don't worry
 because while you enjoy that wing,
 I have a nice long windup for you
 because at long last we can call for the check here
 on our bizarre dinner date with the wings of death.
 And if we've learned anything along the way,
 Ed, you're a man of many talents
 from standup comedy to acting to playing the banjo.
 But I know that it all began, the roots of it all,
 were in commercial narration.
 People might be surprised to know how prolific you were
 as a voiceover actor, but have you ever done an ad read
 with a billion Scovilles coursing through your body?
 Today, just maybe.
 If you'll humor me, I have some ad copy for you.
 And I'm hoping that we can close out the show today
 with some throwback Ed Helms commercial narration.
 - Yeah, well, you did your research, by the way.
 You've asked some very like,
 some sort of deep cut questions here.
 I'm very impressed.
 And yeah, not a lot of people know I used to do voiceover
 for commercial, but I did.
 And I will do it for this.
 If you or a loved one has been diagnosed with mesothelioma,
 you may be entitled to financial compensation.
 Mesothelioma is a rare cancer linked to asbestos exposure.
 Exposure to asbestos in shipyards, mills, heating,
 construction, or the automotive industries
 may put you at risk.
 - Call that 800 number right now.
 - Wait a minute. - And look at you, Ed Helms.
 - Did I just endorse something?
 At some like ambulance chaser, law firm or something?
 What just happened?
 - Taken on the wings of death and living to tell the tale,
 and now there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Ah, well, thank you very, very much.
 This was super fun.
 And yeah, I have a new show coming out on Peacock.
 It's called "True Story" with Ed and Randall.
 Randall Park and I sit down with real people
 and we hear real true stories from their lives.
 It is incredibly funny.
 It is incredibly warm-hearted and poignant.
 It's just a fabulous show and I'm incredibly proud of it.
 And so proud that I would even drink all this hot sauce
 just so that I get 10 seconds to talk about it.
 - Well, lucky for us.
 (all clapping)
 - Cheers.
 - All right, thanks so much, Ed.
 - Yeah, cheers.
 - Cheers. - Thank you, super fun.
 - And you did it, you did it.
 - Thanks for doing so much research.
 You guys really, like, you got into some like obscure stuff.
 I appreciate it.
 - Well, you know, if we're gonna have you eat these wings,
 we gotta meet you halfway.
 - Make it worthwhile, absolutely.
 - And we're gonna package up the sauces for you to take home.
 - Don't bother.
 - Hey, what's going on, Hot Ones fans?
 Sean Evans, just wanna say thank you so much
 for watching today's episode.
 And if while you were watching, you thought to yourself,
 "You know what?
 "I would love to try that at home."
 Well, guess what?
 Now you can, because the season 17
 Hot Ones Hot Sauce box is now available.
 Heatness.com, Heatness.com, Heatness.com
 to get your hands on the sauces.
 Look at how it looks on the inside.
 So pretty.
 Whoa, whoa, we got boom mic problems.
 The box is so big.
 And you know what?
 Always with the cautionary tale,
 be careful around the eyes.
 Hot Ones Season 17, the full sauce lineup,
 now available at Heatness.com.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
