 I feel like a failure, man.
 I feel like a failure.
 Do you want to slow it down a little bit?
 No, no, no. I want to speed it up.
 [laughter]
 [music]
 Hey, what's going on, everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans, and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Ed Sheeran.
 He's a four-time Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter
 who's sold more concert tickets and albums
 than just about any other musician over the last decade,
 or really any decade for that matter.
 And good news for Ed Sheeran fans,
 as we have a new single, album, and tour on the way.
 Let's celebrate with a flight of extremely spicy chicken wings, shall we?
 Ed Sheeran, welcome to the show.
 Thanks for having me.
 I know that you have a passion for ketchup.
 How are you around the hot sauce?
 I'm all right, actually. I'm all right.
 But I think in England, like, the spice is,
 it's just so different to America.
 Like, in America, I feel like you get, like, two chilies
 and breed them to make this, like, super chili that will fuck you up.
 Whereas in England, it's kind of just like,
 just, I guess, like, normal chilies.
 We do have Carolina Reapers, and, yeah,
 I think, like, the curry situation over there can get quite intense.
 And my go-to curry is, like, one below the really intense one.
 So I hope, I hope I'm all right.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, so this is just regular buffalo.
 Mm-hmm.
 It's still got something, though, hasn't it?
 It's not, like, totally mild.
 Mm.
 That is great.
 So as we mentioned up top, you are, as you put it,
 coming out of hibernation with a forthcoming album.
 And I'm really curious how an artist decides to pick the first single.
 Like, when you're looking at an album and seeing that track list,
 what is your internal math when deciding which one to introduce to fans first,
 especially after a hiatus?
 Yeah, I think for me, it's every time I've released a first single,
 the way that it works best is to do something to, like,
 a ground that I've never covered before, because I feel like,
 as a fan of musicians, like, any time that anyone's, like,
 not reinvented themselves, but come out with something that you're like,
 "Oh, my God, I didn't expect them to do that,"
 I think that's usually the way I pick the first single.
 And it's kind of like a catch-22, because you put something out,
 and your core fan base goes, "He's changed, and he's going in this new direction."
 And then suddenly the album comes out, and they're like,
 "Oh, actually, in the grand scheme of things."
 I mean, it happened, my second album, I did a song called "Sing,"
 and then the third album, I did a song called "Shape of You,"
 and both times, everyone was like, "This is too different."
 And both times, both songs worked and led into the album quite well.
 So this time, I had a first single picked, kind of like lo-fi depressing sad,
 and I'd made this, like, really upbeat dance tune.
 And then Boris Johnson announced that England was opening up on the 21st of June,
 and my single was going to come out on the 25th of June.
 So I sort of switched them around, because I was like,
 "What do I want to hear on the radio when the world opens up,
 or if clubs are going, do I want to hear, like, a really depressed lo-fi acoustic tune?"
 Yeah.
 They're good. They're really tasty.
 So there are a lot of stories about pop stars breaking through
 by uploading covers to YouTube,
 but your breakthrough on the platform is really unique,
 with their first viral hit being a performance on SBTV.
 Yeah.
 Thinking back, how did the UK hip-hop scene and grime artists,
 what impact or effect do you think it had on the trajectory of your career,
 especially early on?
 Well, I think, you know, I moved to London sort of, like,
 turning 17, and I joined the, like, acoustic singer-songwriter set.
 So, like, went to do the shows, and then I would meet other singer-songwriters,
 and then you just get part of the circuit.
 I was, like, 17, 18. Most of them were, like, 25, 26,
 and much better than me.
 So I would do a show and just kind of be forgotten about.
 And I was doing the same shows with the same people,
 at the same venues, with the same songs, and just nothing was happening.
 A friend of mine who was a poet lived in Los Angeles,
 and she said, "Look, I can get you a gig in Los Angeles
 if you can sort the ticket."
 And I'd been selling CDs over a couple of months.
 The ticket was, like, 800 quid.
 I bought the ticket. I flew over to LA.
 The thing that I played was a poetry gig,
 and it was in Inglewood.
 It was called Fly Poet.
 I arrived there, and I was British,
 the only white guy in the room with a guitar with, like, crazy hair.
 And I was, like, "Fuck, I don't think today's gonna go well."
 I stood up on stage, and I played the songs,
 and it was the best reaction I'd ever got from any show.
 I think because it was all poetry and rap,
 and suddenly, like, someone sits up and sings a song about,
 you know, a homeless girl in London.
 People kind of connected to it.
 So from there, when I got back to England, I was, like,
 "I'm not gonna do any more acoustic nights.
 I'm gonna do comedy nights. I'm gonna do rap nights.
 I'm gonna do jazz nights."
 And I basically did that circuit, met Jamal, who ran SBTV,
 and, like, within a year, it kicked off.
 So for me, the UK, I guess it's not an underground scene anymore,
 'cause it is the forefront of culture,
 but at the time, the UK underground scene was the sort of catalyst
 for me having success here.
 It's all right.
 So this is where Khaled tapped out.
 -Right. -All right.
 You got it in you to keep going?
 Dude, if I stopped now, I would never hear the end of it.
 Never. I'm making it to the last one.
 There's a bit of an aftertaste to that one.
 It does. It kind of builds in you.
 If I go for water, is that, like, a failure?
 No, no, no, no, no, no.
 You know, if you hit the water or the milk...
 I'm only having this 'cause I'm thirsty.
 So there's a scene in your documentary, "Songwriter,"
 where you can see that you're visibly frustrated
 by changes that were made to your song's shape of you,
 and you say, "I promise you, it'll sound better this way,"
 in a manner that made me really feel
 the self-will of your creative conviction.
 Is there another example of a song that you think was made better
 by doing what you wanted to do
 despite the feedback and wishes of those around you?
 Yeah, I guess. I mean, I've been wrong in a lot of cases,
 and I've been right in a lot of cases,
 and I think the key to it is having people that you listen to
 and not being like, "I know everything."
 So, with "Shape of You," didn't want to put that on my album, I thought.
 It doesn't sonically fit. I've made this album.
 It's perfect in my mind. I don't want to put this on.
 And everyone would say, "If you put this on,
 it will be the biggest hit of your career."
 And I was like, "No!"
 It's just, I kind of felt it was, like, cheating,
 'cause I basically had done a paint-by-numbers pop tune,
 and I sort of felt like I was cheating with that.
 And it was the biggest hit of my career,
 and I love playing it live.
 I love seeing the reaction it has to people,
 and I hear it everywhere.
 So, I was wrong there. But there's also, like...
 And I know the people involved will deny this to the hilt,
 but there is no way that I would have given this song away
 if no one liked it, or if people liked it.
 But when I wrote Justin Bieber's "Love Yourself,"
 I remember playing that to people and them being like...
 And so I gave it away.
 And now, it's like, "Why did you give it away?
 You never played this to us."
 I had an email, actually, the other day,
 from a song that I'd gone round this bloke's house,
 and I'd played him this song three times
 and played it on acoustic guitar.
 And then I came to America, I played it to a couple of people,
 they emailed him, and then he emailed me,
 he got the song, and he's like, "What the fuck?
 This is the best song we have on the album.
 This is the thing." And I was like, "Dude,
 I literally played this to you three times a week ago."
 And you weren't feeling it then.
 Yeah, it's very much like they say,
 "How many music industry people does it take
 to change a light bulb?
 One in 99 to ask each other what they think of it."
 That's basically it.
 So is this one you sell in shops?
 Yeah, yeah, we actually make this one.
 That's really tasty.
 We'll take that.
 Everyone, buy that.
 Okay, Ed, we actually have a very special surprise for you on this wing.
 We reached out to a mutual friend who's brought us...
 ...burning questions that he has for you, Ed Sheeran.
 Can you guess who it is?
 I can see who it is. It's Benny Blanco.
 That's right. It's five-time BMI Songwriter of the Year,
 Benny Blanco, also the host of Eat Out America.
 He's got some questions for you,
 as only Benny can ask them.
 I know he's going to say something fucked up.
 Well, let's see the first one.
 Why is he saying normal questions?
 I was expecting him to say something...
 It starts spiraling.
 I would say Castle on the Hill.
 Castle on the Hill, for me, was the...
 It was the first tune that I finished for Divided,
 and it was like the...
 ...the sort of benchmark that all the other songs went around.
 And we wrote it here in New York.
 I think we worked on a Jesse Ware song,
 and I went in to do some backing vocals or something on that,
 and we just did it on the side.
 And then it ended up being the kind of thing that made the album happen.
 Well, there you go. All right. It's starting to spiral.
 It gets more Benny as we work our way through.
 Good, good, good.
 Name one artist that you're so fucking jealous of.
 Like, you look at their stats all the time.
 You wish your shit was as good as theirs.
 You just... You can't put out records without even thinking about them.
 I wouldn't say I'm actually, like, jealous of anyone,
 'cause I feel like I love what I do,
 and I couldn't do what other people do.
 But I think every artist, when they release,
 finds out whether Drake, Taylor or Adele are releasing,
 and they go, "What date are they going?"
 And, like, "How can we put out..."
 I think every artist does that.
 But I wouldn't say I'm jealous of any of them.
 But all of them make me strive to work harder.
 Well said. All right. One more for you.
 It's a big mystery.
 All right. For everyone who doesn't know,
 me and Ed, real good friends,
 we went to a festival, stayed up all night,
 came back, got in a jacuzzi together...
 And he pissed in it.
 And...
 Someone peed in the jacuzzi.
 It was fucking him.
 It was me, Ed, Ryan Tedder...
 I'll tell you why as well.
 And maybe one other person.
 Ed has been convinced that I pissed in the jacuzzi.
 It's not only... Wait, I'll tell you why.
 It's not only pissing in the jacuzzi.
 Just for everyone around the world,
 I do piss in pools.
 Exactly.
 But I don't piss in jacuzzi.
 I would never piss in a body of water that small.
 Ed, I need to know, do you believe me or not?
 So he's been going on about this for a while,
 so I think... OK, so it might be Tedder.
 It might be.
 But the thing is, Benny said to me,
 as he arrived at my house,
 "I wanna pee in your pool."
 And I was like,
 "You're not going in my fucking pool, Benny.
 "Are you gonna pee in my pool?"
 He's like, "I wanna pee in your pool."
 So I just never let him in the pool.
 We went to a festival, an attitude festival.
 We came back to my house and we're sitting in the jacuzzi.
 And then a couple of weeks later,
 I go to use it and it fucking stinks.
 And I get someone to check it out,
 the jacuzzi people come and check it out,
 and they said it had so much urine in it
 that it had overflown the system that cleans the urine.
 So it is either Benny or Tedder.
 But only one person told me that they were peeing in my pool,
 and it was this cunt.
 We were in there for hours,
 soaking in someone's urine.
 Mmm.
 This is a really pleasant morning.
 So far.
 So far.
 That one's the best one so far.
 We'll take that.
 We'll take that.
 Do you get commission on that?
 Yeah, I got a little rub share on it.
 Alright, we actually have a recurring segment on our show
 called Explain That, Graham.
 We're doing a deep dive in our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So we'll pull up the picture over here on the monitor.
 You just tell us the bigger story.
 Where does doing a song with 50 Cent and Eminem,
 your song Remember the Name,
 where does that fall on your list of career accomplishments?
 I think probably top three, because when I was in school,
 I mean, look at me.
 If you were to...
 I looked like that in school, but younger, smaller, skinnier and geekier.
 And if you were to go into my school and go,
 at the height of Shady Records and at the height of Aftermath
 and go, "Which one of these kids is going to do a song with Eminem and 50 Cent?"
 No one would have guessed me.
 And I'd done a song with them for his album
 and then I was like, "I'm putting together a collaborations project."
 I sort of said to him, "Could you do it? I'd love to get 50 on it."
 And he was like, "Yeah, no problem. I'll get 50 on it."
 And I remember walking into this dressing room.
 50 will probably disagree with this,
 but I remember walking into the Wembley dressing room to meet
 and we were being presented a plaque.
 And I don't think 50 had a fucking clue who I was.
 I think afterwards he was like, "Oh, the shape of you guy."
 But I was kind of like, "Hey."
 And you could see in his eyes, he was like...
 And at this point, we'd actually done the song together.
 But yeah, he'll probably disagree with that though.
 ♪
 Mild.
 Oh, well.
 This one does kind of...
 Creep.
 Yep.
 I know this one's fucked up.
 I know that one's fucked up.
 You've had that one before.
 I've got that in my cupboard, yeah.
 Whoa.
 Yeah, I have a whole cupboard.
 My wife's made me actually move them all
 because they were in the normal cupboard
 and I kept buying hot sauces,
 so she's made me have my own cupboard for the hot sauces that...
 I fill them up in.
 And now you have some more to add to it.
 So these are all mine?
 You get to take them.
 Fuck yeah, thank you.
 Can I get a couple of the last dabs?
 I promised my driver, Gio, I'd give him one.
 Yeah, yeah, we'll hook it up.
 We'll hook it up.
 So there are these amazing stories about your dedication
 from acquiring James Blunt's diary
 so that you could set a benchmark for how hard you need to work...
 That does creep, man.
 ...to doing over 300...
 It does, it does.
 That's creep.
 ...to doing over 300 gigs in 2009 alone.
 Is doing stage shows still the best way
 for a singer-songwriter to build experience and get discovered
 or is that path to success more or less given way to the internet?
 Yeah, I think in music everything's a muscle
 that you have to keep exercised,
 whether it's songwriting, whether it's singing.
 I've never really done vocal warm-ups,
 and since getting back to work now,
 I'm starting to lose my voice again,
 and I'm kind of like, "Do I do vocal warm-ups?
 Why didn't I do them before?"
 And I think it's because I sung every day.
 Whether it's stage or whether it's songwriting or singing
 or performing in general, you just have to do it all the time.
 I've noticed you've not touched your water or your milk.
 You know, it's not as any sort of like a show-off thing.
 It's just I've been so captivated.
 Do you actually get the same wings that I get?
 Yeah, I would be happy...
 You don't just get all mild?
 No, no, no, no. You can see.
 See, you can see the coloration and differences.
 Go ahead, go ahead.
 Just making sure.
 I'm open to it, I'm open to it.
 All right, are you ready to move on here to the next wing?
 This is Love Burns here in the seventh spot.
 I feel like saying that that was mild, like it heard that and came back to bite me.
 It's going to get weird here.
 Okay.
 It's like a dry heat.
 I think this one's going to be a creeper, innit?
 And it builds, yeah.
 From all fronts.
 Righto.
 Florida.
 That's how you know.
 I know, they don't play.
 So, once I you post a retro Martin guitar from 1907, of all the instruments in your collection, which is the oldest and what's its backstory?
 Probably that. Probably that.
 I'd say the coolest one was...
 So, actually the guy that told me to do this show.
 I got...
 Sorry, I'll explain the story.
 I basically, my hero is Eric Clapton.
 He's the reason I started playing guitar.
 And I saw him on TV when I was 11.
 I picked up a guitar, I learnt Layla and it kind of went from there.
 I got to know him in like 2015.
 We've been friends since.
 And I went to his house.
 We had like noodles or something.
 Then afterwards he just took his guitar off the wall and just gave it to me.
 Signed the back and said, "Keep my guitar."
 And I was like, "Cool."
 Kept it in my studio at home.
 It was the only guitar in my studio at home.
 I was on tour.
 The person who lives in my house, around me, I was like, "Your fucking music studio is on fire. It's burning to the ground. We've got the fibergrade here."
 I was like, "Fuck."
 The guitar's in that studio anyway.
 The guitar comes out, it's ruined.
 It's burnt to a crisp.
 And the guy that I was working with, who I've done the record with, Joe.
 Hi, Joe. I know you're fucking watching.
 He says, "Give me the guitar. Let me see what I can do with it."
 And so he took it and about a year later he brought it back and it had been totally restored.
 And it smells like a burnt house.
 It's got this really, really burnt wood smell.
 But it plays amazing, looks amazing, actually smells amazing and still has Eric's signature on the back.
 So that's like my favorite guitar.
 Told you. Same wigs.
 Yeah, they're fucked up, man.
 And this one, as you know, it's fucked up.
 Christ, on a boat.
 That's just the beginning as well.
 Right.
 Just growing from here.
 Yeah.
 Don't worry, this one has like...
 Where does your day go from here?
 Me? I've actually come to kind of look forward to and enjoy the post-Hot Ones experience.
 Because it's a time that I can tell everybody to kind of leave me alone.
 You know, no phone calls, no emails, crank the air conditioning in my apartment, have a little ice cream and chill.
 Fucking hell, man.
 So speaking of crazy eating, I know that you've switched up your diet habits quite a bit since the early Carefree Tour days.
 But I love hearing these stories about you taking like, a little bit of a break from the rest of the world.
 Or about you taking like, butter masala and mixing them with vindaloo sauce.
 Or ordering three different kinds of puddings and turning them into one uber dessert.
 Is there an off menu Ed Sheeran Frankenstein restaurant request that you're most proud of?
 Fucking hell.
 I think my local kebab shop do like, "Oh my god, can we just eat the rest of this?"
 "Can I just eat these and be done? Fuck."
 That's bad. That's bad. That's bad.
 I know that you went to that Michelin starred sushi joint, Jiro in Tokyo.
 Was that the religious restaurant experience that everybody says that it is?
 No, it was good. It was good.
 But there's a sushi place in London called Araki, which is kind of the same thing.
 It's like, I think eight seats, omakase, a bloke just handing it to you.
 And I preferred that experience more than Jiro, I think.
 Yeah, Jiro is like the 10 seats, 18 minutes, no talking thing.
 Yeah. And they charge you a thousand dollars at the end of it.
 Alright, you ready to move on?
 More almond milk therapy on the table.
 I feel like I'm failure, man.
 You want to slow it down a little bit?
 No, no, no. I'm speeding up.
 [laughter]
 At this point, I think you see the finish line you're going for.
 Has anyone done it with a straight face?
 There have been some times where people seem totally unaffected.
 [dramatic music]
 After Da Bomb, I think it's like a little bit easier.
 Da Bomb is the... I think Joe actually gave me that one.
 Da Bomb?
 Yeah.
 Shout out to Joe.
 Shout out to Joe.
 He watches every single one. Actually, he was like gung-ho for having you,
 having Gordon Ramsay on here. And I remember the day you had Gordon on,
 he was like, I think we were in the studio and he stopped it and was like,
 "We're watching this."
 Not as bad as Da Bomb.
 It's still fucked up.
 So you have a knack for surprising fans, whether it's taking Taylor Swift
 to your local pub and framling them, or hopping on stage in a random mall
 for a fan that's singing Thinking Out Loud on stage.
 Do you have an all-time favorite sort of Ed in the Wild experience?
 It's an interesting question.
 Actually, my village I live in, there's like 400 people.
 And they don't really...
 They don't really have like...
 I'm kind of like the only guy that lives there that people would know
 or like seeing on TV. And like when I bring people down, it's quite random.
 I remember I had Courteney Cox to come and stay.
 And she thought that Tesco, which is just a supermarket like Walmart or whatever,
 was like a farmer's market.
 And someone had said, "We're going to Tesco."
 And she was like, "I love farmer's markets. I'll go."
 And so it's like...
 The supermarket were just local people who like went to my high school or whatever,
 and they suddenly see Monica from Friends like looking at Dolmio pastas or whatever.
 And I quite like stuff like that.
 It's so far from London that it's not normal that you would see people.
 It's like totally out of the ordinary.
 All right, Ed.
 I feel like there's like some questions I don't even remember answering.
 This is the last dab. We call it the last dab because it's tradition around here.
 I have to put this on?
 I'm the last one. You don't have to if you don't want to.
 No, I may. I'm not.
 I have a Northern Irish friend that says if you're going to get done for nicking a horse,
 you might as well fuck it.
 Don't try that at home, kids.
 You might take the tagline.
 Is that enough?
 That's enough. That's plenty. That's plenty. That's plenty.
 Right. Cheers, Ed.
 Mmm.
 I have to say, man, I'm not saying this,
 'cause it's your show,
 but those were the two tastiest ones, by far.
 - You enjoyed the last ad.
 - Yeah, I did.
 - Even after going through.
 - That, that is the worst by far.
 By far.
 - I'm right with you on that one.
 - Yeah, I was like,
 I was good, good, good, good, good, good, good, no,
 these two, all right, that one, no.
 (laughing)
 - Well, thankfully, Ed,
 we're at the conclusion of our spicy chicken wing adventure
 and we're hoping that we can close things out with a bang.
 Back in 2012, you told Complex,
 "I'm not the world's best or worst beatboxer."
 What is the first beat that materializes within you
 when you think about conquering the wings of death today?
 (laughing)
 - That's the beat.
 - An Ed Sheeran exclusive,
 taking on the Hot Ones gauntlet
 and living to tell the tale,
 crushing the almond milk and slaying the wings.
 Now Ed Sheeran, there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Not a lot, not a lot.
 Bad Habits, new single, out now,
 tour next year, album in the autumn.
 Check 'em out, thank you.
 (clapping)
 - It's an amazing concept of a show.
 Dude, I've like, doing promo,
 it's kind of you get into the rhythm
 of just doing interviews and doing questions
 and like every now and then someone will throw something
 and it's actually genuinely fun.
 That's the beat.
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 This is Sean Evans and would you take a look
 at how we've set the table.
 Take a look at this.
 This is the Hot Ones Oxford Pennant Collab,
 a classic American company, Buffalo, New York in fact.
 Shout out to Bill.
 These right here, they're perfect for the dorm room.
 They're perfect for the Hot Ones party
 that you're throwing at your place.
 Perfect for the sports cave.
 To get yours, visit shop.firstbefeast.com.
 That's shop.firstbefeast.com to get your hands
 on the Hot Ones Oxford Pennant.
 Careful around the eyes.
 (gentle music)
 [Music]
