 What is that? I don't like it.
 (laughing)
 Ugh.
 (laughing)
 I don't like it at all.
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans,
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Elizabeth Olsen.
 She's an actress whose work includes everything
 from acclaimed indies like Wind River and Ingrid Goes West
 to the Marvel Cinematic Universe
 and the mega hit show WandaVision,
 which of course is currently streaming on Disney+.
 Elizabeth Olsen, welcome to the show.
 - Thanks for having me.
 - And long overdue if you ask me.
 We got like a little taste with the fridge tour,
 but now it's the real deal.
 - Yeah.
 - I know that you're an adventurous eater.
 How are you around the spicy stuff?
 - I don't want to be too bold about like how spicy.
 I like my food, but I think I'm okay.
 - Under promise over deliver.
 - Yeah, I think, well possibly.
 I could also just be like right on with the under promise.
 (laughing)
 (dramatic music)
 These are great wings by the way.
 And I don't even know how long ago they were made
 'cause I'd assume you guys prepped them probably a bit ago.
 Shout out to Dom, shout out to Dom.
 - They're pretty good.
 - Holding the show together.
 - Yeah.
 That's very good.
 - So WandaVision is this genre warping,
 time traveling show that parodies different decades
 and classic television.
 And then I saw in your interview on Table Manners,
 you were talking about how this is like shooting
 a six hour project with the same time
 and budget constraints of a two hour film.
 What does that actually feel like or look like in practice?
 - I love all different types of actors.
 Sometimes people come to work and they had a great idea
 when they were sleeping and so now we have to rearrange
 lines and stuff for a scene.
 And that takes up a lot of time and we didn't have that time.
 So it was chaos and sometimes we had to do multiple decades
 in a day.
 So wigs, I'm always in a bald cap basically.
 And so wigs are just constantly flying on and off.
 And Kathryn Hawn and I are just doing vocal warm ups
 trying to remember what decade we're in
 and it was chaotic but it was fun and we had a good time.
 It was truly joyful.
 - And then did you have a favorite WandaVision Easter egg?
 'Cause speaking of Kathryn Hawn, I read that the house
 that she's in is the actual literal bewitched house.
 - It is, yeah.
 I learn about Easter eggs when people point 'em out.
 So the one that I learned about that I thought
 was really great was there's a wine bottle that's poured
 in the first episode in the 50s episode.
 And it's in French but I think it translated
 to something like, oh God, I can't say,
 like family really, she doesn't even know.
 But it's like house of madness or something like that
 that's a reference to house of M.
 And that's just like our brilliant prop guy being cute
 and putting in those things I think on,
 like he just thinks of them.
 It's a pretty color.
 - It's like a Peruvian vibe kinda.
 - Okay.
 (upbeat music)
 So I'm curious, how does acting and producing simultaneously
 on a project like Sorry For Your Loss,
 how does it affect how you look at the equilibrium
 between art and commerce?
 Like does actually being accountable to the financing
 and all that encapsulates a production,
 does it shift your perspective as a creative?
 - The understanding of the ridiculous amount of money
 that goes into things and that people should like really care
 and be kind and good like in those situations
 because you should be like ashamed of yourself
 if you show up to work and you know like everything
 that the head of department had to go through
 and all the preparation and all the time and energy
 and approval and then to like show up
 and not know what you're doing,
 I think is just really disrespectful and rude.
 And I think I've already had the mentality.
 I loved producing.
 Everything from creating a crew to like sound mixing
 and color corrections.
 I just really enjoyed that.
 - Yeah, yeah, a lot going on.
 - Yeah. - Speaking of,
 are you ready to move on here to the next wing?
 - Yes, it's a clear sauce.
 - Well, you know, until you shake it up.
 - Okay.
 - It's like it's activated.
 - Okay, oh, I like that word.
 (laughing)
 Oh, cool.
 It looks peppery.
 - Pepper bomb, this one.
 Kind of stuck up.
 - I'm actually getting nervous, but I'm not,
 I'm like panicking inside my chest right now.
 'Cause I'm like waiting for it to scare me.
 That's peppery.
 - Mm-hmm.
 - Yeah, you feel that one.
 It's like a leap from the other two, yeah.
 Yeah.
 - I know that you did a semester
 at the Moscow Art Theater School.
 Do you have like a preference or a method
 that you think is more effective
 between the Stanislavski art of experiencing
 versus the checkoff organic performance?
 - That's so funny.
 Well, so when I went to the Moscow Art Theater School,
 they believed that they continued
 the Stanislavski training.
 Like it didn't stop and die with him.
 It's a very strange program for an American first semester.
 It was very different, but it was an amazing experience.
 I like how to do shit that I like wasn't,
 you know, at the Atlantic Theater Company,
 they would like roll their eyes if you like,
 do like sense memory shit.
 It's just, I don't know, it's very funny
 going to an acting school.
 I went going to multiple acting schools
 because everyone just makes fun of one another.
 - Yeah, well, what do you think is like the most bizarre,
 unique acting exercise that you've ever done
 as part of like a conservatory program?
 - I just like have a memory.
 There's a, oh, oh, I have a good one.
 It's called Fitzmores work, and it's a vocal technique.
 And it basically is putting yourself in positions
 where your body like vibrates.
 So like holding like versions of like yoga poses
 or like you're on your back, like holding your legs and waist
 and your body's supposed to vibrate.
 And then you're supposed to let your voice
 like respond to that vibration.
 And so everyone just is in a room
 basically making orgasm sounds.
 And it's, and then some people like have like
 huge breakdowns from like the release.
 Acting school is weird.
 (laughing)
 I still have like a tingle, but I'm not mad at myself yet.
 It's smoky.
 It has like a sweetness to it.
 A smoke and a sweetness.
 - We're calling it the unofficial official sauce of summer.
 You know, it's kind of like a slow,
 slow cooked meat situation,
 like a grilled veggie situation.
 - Yeah, like with some like pulled meats or something.
 I can, I can, that's fun.
 - I see what you're putting out there.
 - Okay, fine.
 I'm just like getting so anxious right now
 and I wish I weren't.
 - So you have a reputation for being obsessive
 about your prep work.
 And I've never heard an actress.
 - So funny.
 - Really talk about the auditioning process
 in such glowing terms like you do.
 I think most of your peers would describe that
 as like the worst part of the business.
 Why do you get joy out of auditioning?
 - A few things.
 There's something really special about having ownership
 of a character that no one else has an opinion on yet.
 And it's kind of like a nice moment for an actor, I think.
 And also it's like an absurd situation.
 It's very funny.
 It's a very, like to be in an audition,
 did you ever go on auditions or you ever do actor stuff?
 - Well, I don't act, but one time when they were like
 rebooting TRL, like when MTV was rebooting TRL.
 They had me go in there and like that old like Times Square
 studio and like stand on a thing and like.
 - And were there other people waiting for their turn?
 - Yeah, other people waiting.
 And then like the big long table with like all the people
 not making any sort of like.
 - No.
 - Poker faces.
 Yeah, exactly all the way through.
 And then just be like.
 And when we come back, we're giving away two tickets,
 the MTV beach house, you don't want to miss it.
 TRL will be right back.
 Just doing a bunch of those things.
 - Did you want to get the job?
 - No.
 (laughing)
 So that's my only real experience.
 - Okay.
 Now also when I get the opportunity to audition,
 first off, I hate taped auditions.
 They feel so stupid.
 But when I get to go and audition,
 which doesn't happen that often,
 but I enjoy it when it does.
 It's like a day where you got to do your job
 that you like to do apparently.
 I don't know.
 So that's how I feel about it.
 - This ginger goat guy though is looking me straight
 in the eye.
 Like tropical.
 - There is a little pineapple in that one.
 - Mm hmm, the ginger.
 - Little pineapple, little ginger.
 All right Elizabeth, also we have a recurring segment
 on our show called Explain That Gram
 where we do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 Challenging for you though, since you've exiled yourself
 from social media entirely.
 - I did, how'd you do it?
 - You can go to the Getty's, you know,
 we have a login and everything.
 So we do have a workaround, but I am curious,
 like what is your internal math on like the cost benefit
 analysis of having Instagram?
 - I think the benefit is for true projects
 that are hard to verbalize, or like get out,
 not verbalize, it's not hard to verbalize,
 but how hard to like put out the word out in the world.
 I think it's a great benefit.
 And I think everything else is detrimental.
 - That makes sense to me.
 Well let's dive into the wire, shall we?
 You once described, you encapsulated your experiences
 at Comic-Con as always moving.
 Can you unpackage that?
 - Oh, that's like a very nice thing of me to have said.
 (laughing)
 I think they're, they surprised me.
 So I, my first Comic-Con where you like sit
 and sign things, I was really not looking forward to it.
 And I thought it was like kind of a strange position
 to put yourself in like a vulnerable place
 where you like meet a bunch of strangers.
 What I loved about it is it was this place
 that like people were like so kind to one another.
 They were all there gathered for the same thing
 that they love.
 And I thought that was moving.
 That, I think any kind of thing that brings people together
 in that way I think is lovely in the world.
 - We're just kind of fishing for a fashion show,
 a hijink story in all of your experiences.
 Like have you ever witnessed like a public temper tantrum
 from somebody expecting a front row seat
 and didn't get one or is that anything?
 - Absolutely.
 I was part of one of the craziest things I had ever seen.
 And I'm not gonna name the design company.
 It was the security guard of like the person
 who ran the whole company, not like designer,
 was assaulting Naomi Watts to make her move,
 like not be there.
 And it was, and Jessica Chastain was like elbowing in
 and like got in the security guy's face
 and like other security guys came.
 And then like the lights went down.
 The man who owned the company was there
 and everyone acted like nothing had just happened.
 It was so bizarre.
 It was so, it was very weird.
 I'm salivating so hard right now.
 Uh oh, a shoe rug of a cheese, isn't it?
 A shoe rug.
 - You went in, yeah.
 - Okay, fine.
 I knew that.
 That was a bad idea.
 - So in addition to today's flight of wings,
 I've seen you eating gourmet cheeses with Brad Leone
 and of course chatting with Jessie Ware and her mom
 over Lebanese lamb on table manners.
 You know, even for somebody who's sworn off social media,
 you do seem to have your fingers on the pulse
 of the internet a little bit.
 Where does that impulse come from?
 - Oh my God, if I could like capture that
 and send it to all my friends, I, thank you.
 I've got my finger on the pulse.
 My friends really have their finger on the pulse though.
 - You made wild boar ragu with Eric Repair.
 - I did.
 - I have seen you say that you were starstruck
 by Tom Colicchio.
 What do you think is one cookbook
 that every home chef should have in their kitchen?
 - I just got the El Buko cookbook,
 which has recipes from all their different chefs
 throughout the years.
 Just to also learn about the restaurant
 if you're an El Buko fan.
 - You're an El Buko stan.
 - I'm an El Buko stan.
 Does that mean I troll them and wanna like hurt them?
 - No, no, no.
 Like the way that you bleed Dodger blue.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Like more than a fan.
 - Yes, El Buko.
 I'm 32 and I have spent like half my birthdays
 on this planet at El Buko.
 - Well then I guess it's only right
 that you got the cookbook.
 Are you ready to move on?
 - Yes, I am.
 - Elizabeth Olsen to the next one here.
 You're doing great by the way.
 This is hotter than Elle in the seven spot.
 - Shout out my friend Elle.
 Fun.
 Okay, that's a terrifying image.
 Is that a brain or a heart?
 (dramatic music)
 - That's a good question actually.
 - Like are they telling us something?
 Hmm.
 That one like just like really wants
 to like surprise you up front.
 - Right, make sure that you get ready
 because there's even a little bit coming behind that too.
 - Okay.
 But it really like gets you.
 Oh, I see.
 - So mechanically, what was the most challenging aspect
 in shooting in a film like Silent House,
 which was meant to appear as one singular long tape?
 - Since it's so long behind me,
 that was one of the worst experiences of my life.
 That was awful.
 To have to for the majority of a horror movie
 be in like tears screaming, crawling on a floor.
 I had bruises all over my legs.
 I got a sinus infection from all of the tears
 'cause I always have snot before tears.
 I know.
 And it was just brutal.
 If that was the first movie I'd gotten,
 I would have gone back to theater.
 I wouldn't have wanted to do another movie.
 - Can you give us one production snafu
 or stroke of bad luck on the set of Ingrid Goes West?
 I've heard you described yourself as shocked
 by how well it came out.
 - Oh my God.
 Yeah, where should we start?
 One of the locations that Aubrey Plaza had,
 who's a great guest on this,
 had to be sitting on a floor crying.
 Wasn't secured.
 So when they got there, there were squatters
 and human feces.
 So they had to clean that.
 And then while everyone was in hazmat suits,
 Aubrey was just like laying on that floor.
 And then our director ran into a glass wall
 and had to go to the hospital.
 We had a fire.
 We had to evacuate, but we couldn't evacuate
 until we were sure we were gonna get our insurance money.
 It was crazy.
 - Logistical nightmare.
 - It was a crazy one.
 And Matt Spicer did an amazing job.
 I was truly, I loved watching that movie at Sundance
 'cause I was just like so confused how we did it.
 This is like a full back of the face situation
 and it is making me tear, I guess, and sweat.
 Welcome to the Hot Ones Experience.
 - It's a great idea, you guys.
 This is a great concept
 and that's why it's such a great show to watch.
 - Reputation for this one precedes it a little bit.
 - Okay.
 Mm.
 Wow.
 I don't even like it.
 Yeah, nobody does.
 - At least the other ones were kind to have nice flavors.
 That was just, that's just offensive.
 It's just like there's not even joy to it.
 It's just like they're trying to scare people
 and make their shining moment on this show.
 How do you guys find out?
 Oh my God, it went underneath my tongue.
 That's really weird.
 - And then this is just where I'll say
 be careful around your eyes, you know?
 'Cause sometimes maybe you'll get
 a little sweat around your face.
 - Right.
 No, I'll just use the napkin.
 Oh my God, I've never had spice underneath my tongue before.
 What is that?
 I don't like it.
 (laughing)
 Oh.
 I don't like it at all.
 - Is there an inspiration from your travels
 that you've brought into your life?
 Whether it's a design detail that you've brought
 into your home or a dish that you've added to your repertoire?
 - Yes, Home Garden is very reflective
 of the place I've been to in Tuscany.
 Like lots of purples and lavender and rosemaries
 and those kinds of flowers that grow wild.
 Love taking care of my plants.
 I have a beautiful blueberry, two plants
 that are doing brilliantly this year.
 I'm okay, I'm okay.
 That really freaked me out.
 I still have got all the tingles,
 but it calmed itself and I kind of want some of this
 'cause it's so cold.
 - It looks so refreshing, you know?
 - Yeah, it didn't offend me, it's fine.
 - There we go.
 All right, this next one is the scorpion disco.
 - Okay.
 I got that one in my teeth.
 Here, I'll do this.
 - Aubrey famously snorted milk, you know?
 - I saw that, she did a brilliant job.
 I haven't gotten the nose feeling yet.
 I just had a visual memory of Aubrey doing that.
 It's so good.
 Mm, it's gone.
 The towelette corner.
 Okay, fine, it passed.
 It wasn't as, the bomb.
 - Once you get through to bomb,
 everything in life becomes a little bit easier, I find.
 So you seem to have such a cheerful taste in entertainment.
 For your money, when you think about the best,
 your favorite musicals of all time,
 what's the first title that comes to mind?
 The first one that's in your head right now.
 - Oklahoma.
 - Why Oklahoma?
 - Probably because it's like an easy thing to remember.
 (laughing)
 I watched that movie all the time as a kid.
 I watched those old movies just nonstop, so Oklahoma.
 - What's a piece of classic cinema,
 the first title that pops into your brain
 when you think about the perfect movie
 for our audience to watch tonight?
 A Night In with a Bottle of Wine.
 - The Conformist.
 Love The Conformist.
 Great, beautiful visuals.
 It's beautiful.
 - And then finally, is there a project of yours,
 maybe a under-the-radar project,
 that makes you feel the most sentimental
 when fans bring it up to you when they see you on the street?
 - You know what no one ever talks about
 because they don't need to is I Saw the Light.
 I just really, that was a special experience
 and we had a great crew and a lot of fun making it.
 But, whatever, didn't really do it that well.
 It's fine.
 Okay, oh right, we do this.
 What does a dab look like?
 - Okay.
 - Is that a dab or is that a bitchy dab?
 - That looks good.
 - That's me being a little bitch.
 - That looks great. - Okay, fine.
 - That looks great.
 - Okay, this is a bitchy dab.
 It's not a shy dab, but it's a dab.
 - Cheers Elizabeth Olsen, what a ride.
 - This has been great, thank you.
 - Thank you.
 - You did okay.
 - You did okay, you did beyond okay.
 You did amazing and thankfully,
 we're at the final act of this bizarre chicken wing
 circus show and just one more hurdle
 standing between you and the finish line.
 I'm curious, how does your personal mantra
 of try and beat your last best score
 fit how you're feeling right now?
 Like, do you see yourself trying to scale
 even higher peaks on Spice Mountain
 or has this experience been enough for you?
 - You know what, you know how before we started,
 I don't think we were rolling,
 but when I came in here and you said,
 "How do I feel about spices?"
 And I said at a restaurant, they asked me,
 "Do I want my food spicy one to 10?"
 I always say five.
 I would maybe play with that number a bit more now.
 That's how I feel.
 - And I think that you could.
 - 'Cause I think I'm okay.
 - No, you are beyond okay.
 You know, you put yourself--
 - I don't know, but we'll have to wait, you know,
 to see how I really feel.
 - You know what it's like, you've seen it through.
 Elizabeth Olsen taking on the Hot Ones gauntlet
 and living to tell the tale,
 and now Elizabeth Olsen, there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Oh, well, I'm in New York City,
 and did you say there was one over there?
 - There's another one, yeah, in the cut right there.
 - Oh, I see you, I see you.
 - And I'm just enjoying being here
 and not in Los Angeles where I usually live,
 and I just had some Hot Wings
 that are kind of living on parts of my face,
 but I'm feeling okay.
 I feel brave, I feel strong,
 and like I can conquer Hot Wings.
 - No argument here.
 (audience applauding)
 - Thank you.
 - Thank you, thank you.
 - Does this help the mustache burn?
 - Just time, time heals this one.
 - It'll just be here.
 Thank you.
 - Thank you, did you have a good time?
 - I had a great time.
 That was fabulous, and I love chicken wings,
 and those were delicious,
 and some of them are really loved.
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on, everybody?
 This is Sean Evans,
 checking in with a very important PSA.
 If you've kept up with all things Hot Wings,
 you know that at the end of last year,
 we partnered with Common Threads,
 a charity that provides cooking classes
 and healthy meals to families in need,
 and while we have the impossible good fortune
 of being able to eat scorching hot chicken wings
 with celebrities every single week,
 there are kids across the country
 who lack the basic nutrition they need
 to be healthy, happy, and energized to learn.
 That's where we need your help.
 Right now, we're working towards a goal
 of raising $50,000 so that Common Threads
 can continue to provide cooking classes
 and groceries to families in need,
 as well as professional development for educators,
 and then nutritional education
 for healthcare providers and patients.
 Our buddy George Motes kicked off this fundraising campaign
 by cooking cheeseburgers with his son Mac.
 Great video if you haven't seen it.
 Today, I'm sharing a link right here
 on the screen below me to help work towards our goal,
 so if you can donate anything, donate anything at all,
 please do.
 It all goes to the Common Threads programming goals,
 hot ones, stinging celebrities, helping the kids.
 Please donate if you can.
 (MUSIC)
