 To the ghost of Hot Ones guest past, I'm sorry for my judgment from home.
 You were brave.
 And I get it.
 Hey, what's going on, everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans, and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Emma Chamberlain.
 She's an internet juggernaut turned coffee mogul and fashion icon.
 Check out our YouTube page for everything from a la mode, European travel vlogs to swap
 meat shopping halls.
 Like me, you can check out ChamberlainCoffee.com for all your coffee needs.
 Added the cake batter blend to my cart this morning.
 And finally, of course, anything goes with Emma Chamberlain wherever you get your podcasts.
 Emma Chamberlain, welcome to the show.
 Thank you for having me.
 I know that spicy hummus is like a part of your everyday diet.
 What's going through your head right now as you prepare to take on the Hot Ones gauntlet?
 I actually feel really confident because I was telling you before we started recording,
 I've done this before.
 My friends and I went to a hot sauce store in LA a few years ago and bought your whole
 lineup and tried it on our own.
 So I'm like, I'm chilling.
 Like this is going to be the easiest interview of my life.
 I can't wait.
 Let's do it.
 Oh my God, why am I like shaking?
 I know.
 No, it'll be okay.
 It'll be fine.
 Delicious.
 So good.
 Good vegan wing.
 Natalie Portman coming through, giving us the vegan wing recommendation.
 Thank you, Natalie.
 Yes.
 So you open your Vogue Beauty Secrets video by saying that you've always wanted to do
 one.
 Whether it's cooking with Josh Weissman or playing soccer with Kevin Hart, what's the
 thing that makes you excited about doing a YouTube video that's not on your own channel?
 Something that feels real and something that I think is fun too, because I feel like video
 creating in general should be fun.
 Obviously there is sort of, oh, like we want this to perform well.
 We want this to do well.
 We want this to get a lot of views, blah, blah, blah, blah.
 There's a lot of that and you can't always escape that.
 But I think when a show or a series is just like rooted in fun in some way, that's what
 excites me.
 And like sharing information, having a cool conversation, that inspires me.
 That was like just delicious.
 I didn't even feel anything.
 So I'm ready for number two.
 This is the Tropicante here in the two spot.
 So good.
 Nice little happy dance there.
 I love it.
 Here we go.
 I mean, I love hot sauce.
 So we haven't ruined it for you yet.
 Exactly.
 Exactly.
 Later might not love it anymore.
 So one thing you and I share about putting videos on the internet is an all consuming
 obsession with the edit.
 Quick shout out to Hot Ones editor Colin Higgins.
 As somebody who's been copied ad nauseam across the web, what is the editing trope that you're
 happy to have birthed to the masses?
 And then can you give us another one that you never want to see again?
 Honestly, like my editing style when I first sort of started becoming known on the internet
 a little bit was super fast paced, super crazy, like, you know, zooming in, zooming out, you
 know, like, jump cut, jump cut, like crazy speed, right?
 Because that's kind of what kept people's attention.
 There was a time and a place for that.
 But now I can't stand it.
 And that's why like, more recently, I've been like, let's slow it down.
 Yeah, very melancholy.
 Totally.
 And I'm I'm proud of that being sort of a new thing.
 Like let's let's cool things down a little bit.
 You know,
 do you have a favorite voice effect?
 I kind of love the echo.
 Yeah, me too.
 It's hilarious.
 You guys do like the echo.
 We love the echo.
 Yes, it's fun.
 I'm like ready for the pain.
 And I know I'm gonna regret saying that, but I'm feeling too good right now.
 And then not to lead the witness, but I love this hot sauce.
 That one is so good.
 It's like going into it's like taking a bite out of pizza or something.
 It's like eating a delicious pizza.
 It is pizza-y.
 I'm taking this one home actually.
 You can have them all.
 But that's the one.
 Yeah, that's delicious.
 And it has a cat on it.
 So that makes me happy.
 So in the same way that I'm inextricably linked to Wings, you are connected to coffee, which
 you've been slurping down in prolific quantities since you first started making YouTube videos.
 In layman's terms, what is the difference between like a gas station $1 cup of coffee
 and then the $5 cup that you get at some like third wave coffee cafe?
 So not to be like a complete nerd about it.
 Be a nerd about it.
 You know like how people are with wine and they're like, no, no, it's like melt.
 This one's really like melon and trees.
 I mean, I'm not fully like that with coffee, but you know, when you drink gas station coffee,
 it's like one note.
 It's just like, it's like a suggestion of a coffee flavor and then a really good cup of
 coffee is like, oh my God, first sip, it's like, oh, it's kind of nutty.
 And then it's like, oh, but now it's kind of bitter.
 And then it's like, and it's a journey.
 I would say the journey for a nice cup of coffee is just much longer and it's more,
 you know, exciting.
 You want to go back and have more.
 And also you don't need to add a bunch of milk and sugar to it to make it taste interesting.
 F Mary kill whole milk, oat milk, nut milk.
 Okay.
 Mary almond milk.
 F the oat milk, kill the whole milk.
 How about you?
 F the S out of that whole milk.
 Oh yes.
 Wait, really?
 You're whole milk.
 Right.
 Do you not have issues?
 No, you know what?
 I'm going with the whole milk.
 I just thought that that was like a funny thing to say.
 That was just the reaction I was going for.
 No, Emma, that was a bit like you fucked it up and now we have to move on.
 Love you.
 Okay.
 I'm just like loving talking and like stalling.
 Yeah, me too.
 That's how the show goes.
 Oh my God.
 This one's so good too.
 Now it's in my teeth though.
 Easier than maybe the first time you did it.
 Honestly.
 Oh, this is the first one where I'm like, okay, I get what the show is about.
 You know what I mean?
 Like, okay.
 That happens.
 Yeah.
 So believe it or not, there's nothing we like more here on Hot Ones than a deep dive into
 interior design and decor.
 Your recent house tour on Architectural Digest was one of the best in recent memory.
 One time I got in a fight with a designer.
 Big shout out to Ren because he wouldn't let me put a TV above the fireplace or he was
 fighting with me about a TV above the fireplace.
 What's the thing that caused the most tension between you and your design team?
 It's actually funny because I luckily am not a huge TV person.
 And so I remember there was like a conversation about my fireplace and like, hey, are we going
 to put a TV there?
 And I was like, no.
 And they were like, oh, love you.
 Like thank God.
 Biggest fight.
 They don't like the TV above the fireplace.
 No, no, no.
 They hate it.
 Yeah.
 Because it completely, and I kind of get it because it does sort of ruin it.
 But it's also like we live, we live there.
 Right.
 That's what I was like, listen, dude.
 Because he was talking, he's like, well, what about like a formal dining room?
 I was like, don't try to tell me what my lifestyle is.
 Like this is the heartbeat of this entire apartment.
 You know, like I watch a lot of college football and that's like why I'm getting the biggest
 TV ever above that fireplace.
 Like don't tell me how to live my life, Ren.
 Amen.
 Halfway point.
 Oh, this one.
 See, there's two sides on this wing.
 One that has a bunch of the sauce, one that doesn't.
 I'm choosing the one that does have a lot of the sauce on it.
 There you go.
 Because I'm loyal to the show.
 Remember this.
 Respect.
 Okay.
 Respect.
 Let's do it.
 That is so good too.
 That's one of those kind of complicated flavor.
 It's really good though.
 Yeah.
 A chili oil base, which is a little unique for us over here.
 I mean, honestly, like it fucking hurts really bad.
 I will be honest.
 But it's so fucking good.
 Like this is so good.
 Just maybe on a smaller scale.
 Like drizzling it on top of like something, right?
 Not having like a whole like bite of it.
 Big, big bite.
 Really delicious though.
 What so far has been the greatest triumph of your cooking tutorials?
 And then can you give us your biggest fail?
 My biggest triumph?
 Like making nut milk.
 I think I might have deleted that one.
 But it was a huge success.
 I didn't realize that you could so easily make your own nut milk.
 Tried it, slayed it, loved it.
 Haven't done it since, but good to know.
 And my biggest fail was probably like literally so many years ago, I tried to make coffee
 cake.
 Like this was like one of my first videos and it was just like so, so disgusting.
 Anything I made when I was like 16 was a fail.
 Could not cook back then.
 Can you give us one highlight and one low light from hosting the red carpet at last
 year's Met Gala?
 Okay.
 A highlight was like accidentally having my first meme moment.
 Like whoa.
 Jack.
 Thank you, Jack Harlow.
 I still like have never spoken to him about that.
 So I think we could have a fun bonding moment over that next time I run into him.
 But the low light was, this is so TMI and gross.
 I had a tonsil stone.
 Do you know what a tonsil stone is?
 No, I don't know what a tonsil stone is.
 Oh, it's so gross.
 It's basically like a buildup of like bacteria on your tonsil that you can get if you have
 allergies or like sinus drip, whatever.
 And they like taste bad and like kind of can smell bad too.
 And I had one while I'm supposed to be interviewing people for four hours straight.
 Like this close too.
 I was eating Altoids.
 I was eating Altoids.
 Providing a cover.
 Yeah.
 And that was like brutal for me.
 I was like freaking out in between each one.
 Like I hear like, what?
 Like, is it bad?
 Like whatever.
 But we got through it.
 We got through it.
 But that was shitty.
 Well, you know what?
 Speaking of, you know, the walls closing in on you, being pressed, but moving on.
 Are you ready to move to the back half here?
 Let's go to the back half.
 So this next one is the turmeric bomb here in the six-pot.
 All right.
 I think I need to start taking a little smaller bites.
 Because like I've been doing big ones this whole time.
 Yeah.
 Time just flew down.
 So it's not every day that someone goes from try on thrift hauls at their parents' house
 to becoming Vogue's digital muse and working with the likes of Louis Vuitton and Levi's.
 What's a memory you have of Paris Fashion Week being a Zoolander like parody of itself?
 Okay.
 My favorite thing to witness and listen, I'm not laughing at anyone because I would probably
 do the same thing, but also like maybe we're laughing together.
 I don't know.
 Maybe I am making fun of them.
 I don't know.
 Um, like this whole sort of getting the right moment for the IG story type of thing.
 So it's like, maybe it's at an after party or something and Paris Fashion Week after
 party.
 Everybody's like, you know, like dancing, like whatever, like, you know, acting like
 they're having the best time.
 Meanwhile, like it's kind of a chill after party and then like phones down and it's just
 like, and I just feel like I see a lot of that at Fashion Week where it's like everyone's
 in on the same, like same hustle, the same hustle, the same illusion.
 It's kind of like a really magical moment in human, like in society, like the fact that
 everybody comes together to be like, Fashion Week is the best week ever, you know what
 I mean?
 And it's like the fact that everybody's kind of painting this picture together, like community,
 it is beautiful.
 Yeah.
 Cosmic Disco.
 Disco.
 Cosmic Disco.
 Let's do it.
 I went in for like a big bite and then was like, ah!
 I saw that.
 Ow, ow.
 Another level.
 Yeah, yeah, that one's bad.
 This one's really bad.
 Yeah.
 It's like full fucking, like, it is a different sauce.
 We start to like kind of jump planes here in the back half.
 It like skips some levels, you know?
 No, like we just like, holy fuck.
 For each one it was like times two, times two, it was like times fucking 14 with that
 one.
 Yeah, well, wait till you get to the next one.
 Not to leave the witness here.
 Yeah, no.
 What distinguishes a good peanut butter from a mediocre one?
 And then what's your go-to pro tip for making it from scratch at home?
 Okay, so see now this is when you start to get distracted by your pain and it's just
 like peanut butter?
 Oh, what?
 For me a good peanut butter is all natural.
 It's like changing the way my box, my voice box, unfortunately you damaged my voice box.
 I prefer like an all natural, just like peanuts and salt vibe.
 Like that is the best.
 And I think the reason for that is, is like I like peanut flavor.
 Is like when like the, holy fuck, you can't think.
 This is why you're an evil genius.
 Like Jif peanut butter is like too fake.
 It tastes like icing.
 Like it's not, that's not peanut butter.
 I want peanuts and that's it.
 And when you're making it at home, add a little bit of vanilla bean.
 Wow.
 Is that delicious?
 It's like dates.
 It's really good.
 Moving on.
 Well, this next one is the bomb beyond insanity.
 I've tried this one actually.
 Yeah.
 But I don't think I, I don't remember.
 I think this was actually the hottest one I did when I tried it at home.
 So I don't even want to touch it with my finger.
 I feel like it's bad.
 Okay.
 Let's do it.
 Let's do it.
 Fuck.
 Now this is when it gets fucking serious.
 It's for real.
 I can't even believe it goes more than this.
 I can't even believe there's more than this.
 Okay.
 What's the hardest influencer dollar to make and what would you say is the easiest?
 The hardest?
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Let's think.
 Oh fuck.
 Okay.
 Oh my God.
 This is like, this is kind of like a relatively religious experience.
 You know what?
 Sometimes you can get a little bit of a high off of it.
 No, I kind of admit, ow fuck.
 It hurts so bad.
 And it's a little trippy.
 It gets a little trippy.
 Okay.
 I'm like fully sobbing, but I want you to know, and I want everyone back here to know
 I'm not scared.
 So you shouldn't be scared.
 Okay.
 I'm okay.
 But I, I'm like gushing tears.
 You have just, it's like the one, like it's like out of a movie.
 Believe them.
 It's out of a movie.
 I'm scared of the fucking hot one, spiritual awakening.
 And I'm here for the experience.
 Like I'm here for it.
 Okay.
 So the easiest, leave it.
 It's part of it.
 I love it.
 Yes.
 No, I mean it fucking hurts so fucking bad.
 Okay.
 Um, the easiest dollar you make as an influencer, I would say would be like holding up a product
 on Instagram, taking a photo, you know, and posting it being like hashtag ad.
 That shit's easy.
 Ow.
 Um, I just wish people knew at home that like when everybody's crying and like everybody's
 like can't get words out that like this shit's serious.
 Right?
 Like cause I feel like even I, when I used to watch it, I was like, this shit's not that
 serious.
 Like you're a pussy.
 And now I'm like, no, I'm so sorry.
 Um, for everything to the ghosts of hot ones, guests pass the ghosts of hot ones, guests
 past.
 I'm sorry for my, my judgment from home.
 You were brave and I get it.
 Okay.
 Let's rock on.
 This next one is pucker butts.
 Unique garlic.
 I don't consider myself like, I don't know.
 I'm just feeling particularly spiritual praying that God knows what else is up there.
 In these trying times, he's trying times.
 It has a good flavor in the beginning.
 Right.
 And then.
 So your podcast, anything goes with Emma Chamberlain is an episodic thought exercise where you
 ponder questions that range from how much privacy a celebrity is entitled to, to whether
 or not anyone is actually cool.
 As someone who's open about the fact that their opinions change all the time.
 What's like the last or most recent like bad take you've had on your own podcast?
 I don't know.
 To be honest, like I don't look at any of my, anything I've ever said.
 I almost throw it in the dumpster behind me.
 It's like, once I say it, it's true right then, but it might not be true literally tomorrow.
 And I try to make sure everyone knows that so that, you know, it's not like anyone's
 like, but Emma, what about that?
 That you said?
 It's like, no.
 It's always ebbin and flowin baby.
 And that's a good, that's a good place to be.
 Are we going in?
 If you're ready.
 Are we last dabbing it?
 We're last dabbing it.
 If you're ready.
 I'm going to fucking do it.
 Oh, that's a good shake.
 How much are we doing here?
 That looks measured.
 That is looking good.
 That is looking good.
 Yeah, that's perfect.
 I'm just taking more than that.
 That is good.
 All right.
 I'm just like taking my time, putting it back, taking my time.
 I'll screw it back on too, just for you guys.
 So it looks good on the table.
 Shout out to the crew.
 Shout out to the crew.
 Don't worry.
 I'm not like, stop.
 All right.
 And it's time to go.
 Cheers, Emma.
 All right.
 Cheers.
 Cheers.
 And while that settles, nice long wind up.
 To close things out, what I want to do is we'll prey on your natural creative instincts and aesthetic.
 Can you rearrange the Hot Ones gauntlet from favorite to least favorite based entirely
 on the artistic appeal of the labels?
 Like which one I think is the most aesthetic.
 Yeah, aesthetically pleasing to least.
 Okay, yeah, yeah.
 This is like actually my dream.
 Yeah, I can tell.
 Of an activity, especially during my like what I'm feeling right now.
 Although part of me like wants to like finish the wing to like really like do it.
 Should we fucking finish it?
 Let's do it.
 Let's go.
 Okay.
 I'm so, do I regret?
 Okay.
 Okay, I'm determined.
 One more bite.
 Incredible.
 I'm not a baby and I want everyone out there to know that I fucking came here and I fucking
 did it.
 Let them know.
 This has been my dream since I first started YouTube was to one day come here and I'm fucking
 finishing the last wing.
 Okay.
 It was?
 I'm finishing the last wing.
 Wait, what?
 Yes.
 I always wanted to come on the show because I've been obsessed with it since it like
 literally came out and started however long ago and I was like once I fucking go on Hot
 Ones, I like I can retire like that's always been my thing and so like I'm fucking finishing
 the wing.
 Okay.
 Pico Rico with the cat, your favorite.
 That cat is just so cute.
 It has to go first.
 It makes me want to buy the hot sauce because I love when animals are on stuff.
 Next we're going to go with this one.
 I really I like the colors.
 Very inviting.
 Not traditional but personal.
 I love that little branding.
 I really like this one.
 I mean it's you guys so like but I like it because it's simple and effective and classic
 and that's exactly what it is.
 This one for some reason is going last.
 Like don't want to offend anyone but I just like feel like it reminds me of like a Florida
 like grandma.
 Okay, do you know what?
 Fuck it.
 I'm just zooming through now.
 Here we go.
 Okay, this one reminds me of like somebody this is like the Burning Man edition.
 The bomb it's effective and it's accurate.
 Final touches.
 Final touches.
 I'm committing to this.
 Oh my god.
 I'm done.
 And there you have it set it in stone and hang it in the Louvre.
 Emma Chamberlain taking on the hot ones gauntlet and living to tell the tale.
 Now there's nothing left to do but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 Um, yes.
 Yes.
 Um, well, I have a coffee company chamberlaincoffee.com.
 Pick up some coffee, tea, coffee and tea related accessories.
 I have a podcast, anything goes.
 Check it out.
 New episodes all the time.
 Every Thursday, every week.
 And sometimes I make YouTube videos when my when it sets my soul on fire.
 Thank you, Sean.
 What a day.
 You did it.
 That was so fun.
 What are you gonna tell your dad?
 This shit's serious and that I saw in your face that you're there with me right there
 with you.
 Oh my god, I shouldn't touch my.
 Yeah, be careful.
 I made it all the way to this point.
 All the way to this point.
 Only to.
 That was so fun.
 You had a good time.
 Are you guys free for another hour?
 Let's do it again.
 Thank you so much for watching today's video and hot ones fans.
 I have a very exciting announcement.
 The hot ones Shake Shack collab is finally here.
 The hot ones cheese fries, the hot ones burger, the hot ones chicken, all made with a shack
 sauce that includes hot ones, the classic, along with the last dab.
 It's very spicy.
 It's very delicious.
 And it's available for a limited time.
 Now through the end of the year at Shake Shack nationwide and via the Shake Shack app.
 Be careful around your eyes and don't forget to order a milkshake.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
