 This show sucks man. I love you, but this is brutal.
 Hey what's going on everybody for First We Feast I'm Sean Evans and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we welcome back comedian Eric Andre.
 His first ever stand-up special Legalize Everything is available now.
 Keep an eye out as well for his hidden camera comedy Bad Trip,
 which is likewise set to release on Netflix.
 And of course the Eric Andre Show season 5 and Adult Swim later this year.
 Eric Andre welcome back to the show.
 Thank you for having me back.
 Out of curiosity, has your relationship with hot sauce changed at all
 since you did Hot Ones like four years ago?
 I feel braver now. Having gone through that it was like a rite of passage.
 I never had anything that hot in my life nor have I had anything that hot ever since.
 But it made me feel like okay, it's very hard, but it's possible.
 You know, I didn't understand at the time the weight of that day and that moment.
 It's kind of like followed me around even to this day.
 People will scream at me on the street. Tinashe, where you at?
 How's it been like for you?
 Well Tinashe and I are now officially married and we're having a baby girl this August.
 It's been cool. I didn't realize how popular your show was until I did it. People love it.
 I'm so ready.
 Oh my god, that's hot. That's not that hot.
 If that's one, by like four I'm gonna be fucked.
 Holy shit.
 So I want to start by talking to you about your special Legalize Everything,
 which is getting a lot of positive press for nailing the zeitgeist with a lot of bits,
 even though it was taped pre-pandemic.
 Did having a tape special on deck during quarantine feel like a super power as a comedian,
 like you had an ace in the hole?
 Oh my god, 100%. Thank god I didn't tour this year or film it this year.
 I'm scheduled to film it this year.
 I totally left out, blind luck. I did not predict the coronavirus.
 It's good though. It's hot, but it's good.
 How important is a stand-up type music and why did you choose Big Freedia's Third Ward Bounce for this one?
 I filmed in New Orleans, so I wanted a New Orleans artist.
 And Big Freedia's music is just so bombastic and powerful and cinematic.
 I'm such a Big Freedia fan.
 We had her on the Eric Andre Show this upcoming season, so it was a no-brainer.
 Do I continue eating? Do I move on myself or do you cue me?
 You know, we're walking down this road together, but now is the time to move on to the second wing,
 which is the Steel City Jade Jaguar.
 How the pin you with that?
 That's a bad idea, right?
 That's a lot of sauce. Eric.
 After my hot ones last time, I shit molten lava for like two days.
 I'll eagerly await the update this time.
 Uh-huh. I'll email you from my toto toilet.
 So in 2019, your clown alter ego, Blarf, released his debut album, Cease and Desist,
 which features an interlude from that famous role model interview between Katie Couric and Lil Wayne.
 I don't know what you're talking about, man. I have nothing to do with that guy.
 I don't know who that guy is. I don't know who the fuck he is, but I challenge his shitbag legal team to come at me guns blazing.
 As someone who grew up listening to hip hop, do you miss the comedic sketches that used to serve as a kind of connective tissue between songs?
 Hell no. That was like a fast forward exercise.
 And I had that shit on cassette tape and just hearing guys just roast each other and bullshit.
 I was just like, I have one Redman album where it was like the sketches were like 45 minutes in between the song.
 What are we doing here, guys? Redman is one of the funniest.
 I love Redman. Hopefully he wasn't taking that as an insult. I love, love, love Redman.
 I actually got arrested when I was 18 years old, seeing him live at in Miami, the Miami Amphitheater.
 What'd they charge you with?
 Marijuana.
 Fooled around in Fresno. Are these the same sauce as I did last time?
 So the operation is a little bit more sophisticated now. Back when you were on the show, we were just kind of throwing darts.
 And then we've since kind of gotten our shit together as far as hot sauce curation goes.
 But Da Bomb, which I think was your number eight when you when you were there, we haven't found a sauce that's quite like it.
 So we've kept that in. So that's a sauce that you've had before.
 These are like sleeper sleeper hits. My nose is running.
 They stink up on you. I can't even know. That one snuck up on me.
 So I once heard Ashton Kutcher make the point that a show like Punked is more a study of human nature than it is like candid camera with celebrities.
 Has doing the Eric Andre show taught you anything about human fallibility in tense situations?
 It makes me less cynical, actually. People are like really willing to help each other out when they're when they're presented with a odd situation.
 There's also this YouTube phenomenon of channels passing off. Obviously, fake pranks is real.
 Does that bother you? Like, do you think there needs to be a sense of ethics in the prank genre?
 I do personally. I mean, each of their own. But like to me, there's absolutely no point unless you're doing it for real.
 There's no stakes. It defeats the purpose. It's completely pointless.
 All right, Eric, how was that one? We're still in a manageable place. How's the build?
 It's OK. It's got a little bit of a lingering effect and they all have a cumulative effect.
 So but it's OK. These first three are like they're they're realistic.
 I have I have a sense this one's a motherfucker.
 This is hotter, hotter than L, correct?
 OK. This one's going to suck.
 I can tell you it's got a good flavor, though. It's got a little tang to it.
 So is anyone who follows you knows you're always up for a good time, and it seems like you really have been exploring the world of cocktails lately.
 Where do you fall in the great debate of mixologist versus bartender? Do you think there's actually a difference?
 I actually think the tastiest drinks are the simple ones, but the real real make or break for me is if you're using fresh squeezed juice or premade juice.
 That is such a make it or break it.
 If you're not fresh squeezing that lime right before you make that drink, get the fuck out my face.
 Because that's the stuff that gives you the hangover, the premade sugary high focus corn syrup mixes.
 They just made that juice, pineapple juice, watermelon juice.
 As long as they make it that at least that day, then they're a good bartender.
 What's been your proudest cocktail creation during quarantine? And can you tell us how to make it?
 I just made one called Yellow Number Two.
 And it's yellow pepper juice, mezcal, one and a half ounces of mezcal, one and a half ounces of yellow pepper juice, half an ounce of yellow chartreuse, half an ounce of simple syrup, half an ounce of lemon juice.
 Shake it, strain it, put it in a rocks glass and put smoked salt and charred shishito peppers to garnish.
 Oh, fuck.
 That one is good though, the one I'm reacting to.
 Should I refrigerate these after opening? How long will they last in the fridge?
 A long time, months, long time. Hot sauce lasts.
 Not like, not like years though.
 Maybe you could get a year out of it. That vinegar.
 Oh my god. Oh yeah, that's true.
 So tell me about this one.
 So this is Los Calientes Rojo. It's like, uh.
 Oh, it's delicious.
 You like that one?
 Mmm. No, it's about to kick my ass, but first bite.
 Okay, Eric, we have a recurring segment on our show called Explain That Gram.
 We're going to do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram, pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So I'll show you the picture.
 You just tell me the bigger story and we have a meet your heroes theme today for Eric Andre.
 Okay.
 I love that you tell me right when the spice is like kicking my fucking ass.
 You do this whole wordy explanation and I'm like, I'm like in a like fugue state.
 First things first, it's you with Johnny Knoxville.
 What is it about Jackass that made it such a brilliant show?
 They're likable.
 You root for them. They're not mean spirited.
 They are.
 They have a sense of humor about themselves.
 Oh, my God, what's torture is good.
 Has anyone ever thrown up on the show?
 You know, not in front of me, but I've like people have bailed to the restroom with urgency before.
 My butthole is about to throw up after we're done.
 As a student of the game, what makes Sasha Baron Cohen such a master of the craft of satire?
 Is a genius.
 He's got like a 180 IQ.
 He's operating at a higher frequency.
 He's got a death wish, you know, he's putting himself in violent situations.
 How are you not in pain?
 The fuck man. Well, I think I think I just I know what to expect.
 Eric, you know, when you and me met for the first time, we hadn't done that many episodes.
 And now we're like over 200 episodes. I've had lots of practice.
 You got your own game show, right?
 Yeah. Yeah. And I don't even have to eat on that one.
 Oh, my God. How are you going to film it in COVID?
 You know, well, what's nice about game shows, we shot like the whole year's worth, like in 10 days back in December.
 So you live on easy street, man.
 I see that flat screen. You got a new flat screen.
 I'm proud of you, man. Suck my pussy sideways.
 This is hot.
 Careful on the big pores here in the back half, Eric.
 I guess what's fucking me up.
 What did Coolio do again? Remind me.
 He let the bravado get to him and on the last wing, he popped the sauce and then emptied it onto the wing.
 Cleaned it with a poker face and then it's like a time bomb went off inside his body.
 Suicide. All right. Just a little dabble, right?
 These are kind of dangerous, right? Yeah.
 Oh, my God. It's going to suck.
 So with Hot Ones, we put a lot of pride into trying to extend for our guests and put together the best possible version of a career spanning interview.
 But I feel like doing a purposefully bad interview probably takes even more prep.
 You're right, man.
 This show sucks, man.
 I love you, but this is brutal.
 Are there certain elements or mechanics that make a bad interview funny to you?
 I'm glad you asked.
 Yeah, the more awkward they are.
 The more funny you are. I think I'm getting worse at this with age.
 Do you have a lasting memory of going toe to toe with an arduar? The Internet loves to unpackage that one.
 I love an arduar. Everybody thought I was like being mean to him.
 But I love that guy. His research skills.
 Unmatched.
 And he's prolific. He's interviewed everyone and he gets access to everyone.
 I have such admiration for him.
 I was harassing him to help us with season five and help us do like private eye investigative work for the guests.
 To find deep cut information. He refused to do it.
 He was very standoffish. He didn't want anything to do with me.
 That was really heartbroken.
 All right, Eric, you're doing great. Only a few more to go.
 No, I'm not.
 Yes, you are, Eric.
 Sean, you got to fix your screen. You got your pornhub menu up behind you, dude.
 Keep it classy. You want to get me tuned in the middle of this thing?
 Jesus Christ.
 I'm sorry, Dom. I'm sorry, Dom, for Sean's behavior.
 I'd like to apologize on his behalf.
 Okay, this is going to suck.
 Wow.
 I can tell when they're really going to suck. They have a specific taste.
 It's like a metallic.
 Yeah, it actually doesn't taste good that hot, Eric.
 The ones on the...
 Holy shit!
 Oh my God.
 So last time you were on the show, you talked about how your personality off camera is a lot less extreme than people would expect.
 Describing yourself as sedated and out of it and saying that you jog and eat salads.
 Do you still meditate twice a day?
 I sure do.
 I'm going to cry.
 Calls me the fuck down. I'm anxious.
 None of them were shit until that one.
 I know that you're a big Michael Pollan fan. Is there anything you found fascinating about his recent deep dive into the world of psychedelics?
 Out of all of them, I'll never do tone about them again.
 I'm going to cry.
 He's the only one he won't repeat.
 He had no sense of self and he had no sense of what matter was.
 Do you feel like you're tripping right now?
 I'm in a different place.
 I can't do the Bob. Hold on.
 If I do it, this is going to be one drop.
 Yeah, very light, very light air.
 I can't believe what I'm going through.
 Is it worse than you remember?
 It's worse than I remember.
 It's intolerable.
 I better stay to panic.
 I love the Idris Elba memes that come out of your show.
 I think you might make some of your own today.
 My god, it's so funny.
 It's so funny.
 What was he reacting to? Which sauce?
 This one.
 Why did you keep this one? Why did this stand the test of time?
 Because that's how you get the Idris Elba meme.
 Oh my god, it's death, dude.
 Let's do it.
 Why did I agree to do this again?
 Save me Idris.
 Save me from myself.
 It kind of feels like when you're getting drunk at the bar and your friends are giving you more and more shots.
 And that last shot you take, you're like, I can't no more. And then you see another shot coming.
 Sorry, Matt dog.
 Over served.
 Okay, two drops.
 This one's for Idris Elba.
 May we all one day have the same size penis.
 So as we mentioned, your Netflix special is titled Legalize Everything.
 But what I want to know on this wing is, do you really mean it?
 This is a brand new segment that we're going to be doing for the first time.
 This is a brand new segment that we're calling Legalize It.
 So I'll hit you with some crazy regional laws we researched on the internet.
 And you just tell me whether or not you would legalize them and why.
 In Washington state, killing Bigfoot is punishable by up to five years in prison.
 Hunting Bigfoot. Legalize it.
 This one. This one wakes you up, man. This one wakes you up.
 Good God.
 Don't touch your eyes or your face here, okay?
 This one is the one.
 In Washington state, killing Bigfoot is punishable by up to five years in prison.
 Would you legalize hunting Bigfoot?
 Sure. Whatever you want, man.
 Taking us for a tour?
 I'm going to throw up.
 [Groaning]
 [Groaning]
 [Bleep]
 [Groaning]
 [Bleep]
 I bought milk and magnesia because I was going to a lot of protests
 and I didn't want to get tear gas or pepper sprayed.
 And if I did, I was going to pour it in my thighs.
 But now you found another use.
 Yeah. I'm about to take a shit, dude.
 Okay.
 [Groaning]
 [Bleep]
 Fuck.
 Hey, Eric. Eric, how about this?
 Let's just slow it down. Let's slow it down.
 No need to keep pushing forward.
 You've already done it before. You know what I mean?
 It's not like there's that much at stake here.
 Let's just slow it down, okay?
 No need to eat anymore. No need to eat anymore.
 Don't eat anymore, Eric.
 There's no room left in my stomach, man.
 That shit is fucking real, dude.
 Eric, it's okay. Eric, it's okay.
 You know what? It was fun.
 I'm happy that we connected over the Zoom here, over the QuickTime here.
 It's going to be great. I saw the special.
 It's really funny.
 I hope everybody who's watching now goes out and watch it on Netflix.
 Eric Andre, season five later this year,
 and then of course, Bad Trip on Netflix.
 Keep an eye out.
 It's good to see you, Eric.
 Best of luck. I hope you recover soon, okay, buddy?
 Thanks, man. I appreciate it.
 I'll talk to you soon.
 All right. Peace, Eric.
 Peace.
 Sorry, I got pepper sprayed, dude.
 I got sprayed by a skunk.
 I need milk and magnesium.
 Hey, what's going on, Hot Ones fans?
 This is Sean Evans checking in with One Camera Guy.
 How you doing, Steven?
 You good?
 Good.
 Steven's good.
 There's no one else in this building except for the two of us.
 It is locked down over here, but you know what?
 The Pepperdome is open for all new episodes of Hot Ones the Game Show
 Tuesdays on TruTV.
 The Pepperdome.
 See you there, if you dare.
 [MUSIC]
