 (dramatic music)
 - That is disgusting.
 (laughing)
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Harry Kane.
 He's a Premier League Golden Boot Award winning striker
 for Tottenham, one of the most prolific goal scorers
 of all time and the captain of England's national team.
 But how will he fare today in a pressure packed,
 high stakes match against the wings of death?
 I guess only time will tell.
 Harry Kane, welcome to the show.
 - Thanks for having me, thanks for having me.
 - How are you around spicy food before we get started?
 - Yeah, I'm not great.
 It's not something I normally have a lot,
 so I'm interested to see how I'll get on today.
 - Well, are you ready to get started?
 - Let's do it, let's do it.
 (dramatic music)
 (beeping)
 - Over here, yeah.
 Here we go.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 So far, not too bad.
 - There we go.
 - Yeah.
 I was expecting a little bit worse, I think.
 I was like, okay.
 - Take your wins where you can get them here on this show.
 - It's actually quite nice.
 - There you go.
 Maybe you were a hot sauce person all along, Harry.
 - Maybe I've just been missing out, you know what I mean?
 That's not too bad.
 That's not too bad.
 I'm all right with that.
 - So I want to congratulate you
 on another record breaking season,
 scoring 30 plus Premier League goals
 for the second time in your career,
 and then taking over Wayne Rooney
 to become England's all-time leading scorer.
 Every season has its own meaning, its own lessons.
 How will you remember this season and the arc of your career?
 - Yeah, this one, you know,
 from a personal point of view, has been pretty special.
 To break the England all-time goal scorer record
 was just a dream come true, really.
 There were so many amazing players that I watched growing up.
 So many strikers scoring goals.
 It's nice to be at the top of that list now.
 So truly special.
 And yeah, another 30 goal season, which is great.
 So yeah, overall, you know, I feel like I'm improving.
 I'm getting better, even though I'm a little bit older now.
 So I'm excited for what's to come.
 Little bit of milk now.
 (laughing)
 - It's happening.
 - Yeah, just a little tingle on the throat there.
 - Okay, let's do it, yeah.
 I found that one a little easier.
 - Right. - Did you?
 - There's a little lever pulling that happens, you know.
 - Yeah, that's like, I feel like the first one
 was a little bit of a, like a little kick.
 And now this one's just not too bad.
 - You know, it's like a game, you know.
 You settle into the game when you get that first contact.
 You know what I'm saying?
 That's what happened.
 You got your first hit, now you're in.
 - And I feel like the curry,
 I do like a curry back home in England, so.
 - So it's kind of familiar.
 - Yeah, I think it's a, yeah,
 I'm quite familiar with that taste, so.
 Yeah, that's okay.
 - Thumbs up, there we go.
 - So far, so good. - There we go.
 - It's all right, it's all right.
 (laughing)
 - So as an American, it's wild to read
 about these European youth football academies
 where, you know, at such a young age,
 the next Messi, the next Ronaldo,
 the next Kane is anointed.
 At what age do you think talent can actually be observed?
 And then what's the first memory you have
 of yours being recognized in a meaningful way?
 - Yeah, that's a great question, you know.
 Someone like me, I've been at the club I'm at now
 since I was 11 years old.
 So that's almost, that's 18 years I've been there.
 And I think that's too early to really tell, you know,
 if a player's going to be a great player or not.
 I think, yeah, that 15, 16, might was when I started seeing
 like a difference in me and, you know,
 my confidence started growing and, you know,
 people started looking at me maybe
 in a bit of a different light and was like,
 okay, this kid could have a future.
 So, yeah, when I'm talking to, you know, parents
 or, you know, with young kids who want to play football,
 I'm just telling them that up until kind of 14, 15,
 just let them enjoy it.
 Let them kind of feel their way into it.
 'Cause the most important thing is that they're happy, right?
 They want to be enjoying what they're doing.
 And then once you kind of see physically how they are
 at 15, 16, that's when you get to know
 what they're going to be like.
 - And then it's rather remarkable that you
 and David Beckham both came out of the Ridgeway Rovers.
 - That's right, yeah.
 - What's special about that youth academy?
 - Yeah, I'm not too sure.
 That was our local, me and David were both
 from a place called Chinkford in East London.
 And yeah, we kind of both ended up at this team.
 Obviously he was 10 or so years before me, maybe.
 And yeah, they just had a good setup, you know,
 they had good coaches there.
 They had a good environment.
 You know, when I went there, I just went there to enjoy it,
 play football with friends.
 And that was kind of the start for me.
 So it brings back some good memories.
 - There we go.
 Love that walk down memory lane.
 - Yeah, see it?
 - Are you ready to move on here?
 - I'm ready, I'm ready.
 - To wing number three.
 - We've got a zesty lemon pepper wing here
 from the Crabby Shack.
 - Yeah.
 Little kick to it.
 - Right, yeah.
 - Bit more than number two, I think.
 - And that's how it's kind of gonna go from here.
 That's me being honest with you, Harry.
 I'm transparent, you know.
 - This is just like real easy, just getting into it.
 It's a little, yeah, a little trail that it leaves behind.
 - The fact there's seven more to go
 is a little bit worrying, so.
 - But you know what?
 You're somebody who can conquer the mental, all right?
 You wouldn't be where you were now if it wasn't for that.
 And I can see it in your eyes right now.
 - Onto the next one.
 - Just seven more reps, seven more reps.
 - That's it, that's it.
 Let's do it.
 - So you and teammate Hyungmin Son
 have set all kinds of premiership records for combined goals.
 Is there anything that you can point to
 that makes your partnership so telepathic?
 - You know, the first kind of three, four years,
 we didn't have that amazing record that we have now.
 It took us time to build that.
 I think getting to know obviously
 how each other play on the pitch,
 but also what you're like off the pitch as well.
 And we started to become closer in friendship.
 We started to know each other a little bit better.
 And then, yeah, I just think it come with, you know,
 understanding each other's games.
 You know, he's a fantastic player, a lot of skill.
 And now kind of whenever I'm on the ball,
 he knows certain runs to make.
 I'm without thinking, looking or playing it straight away.
 And yeah, we've just been, both of us,
 I think just improved along that process
 and become a bit more prolific.
 So yeah, he's a great player,
 but a really great guy as well.
 - Do you have a personal favorite goal of yours
 in your career?
 And if so, can you paint the picture for us?
 - I think my favorite goal was my England debut goal.
 It was at Wembley, our home stadium.
 I come on for Wayne Rooney, who was someone, you know,
 I looked up to growing up.
 That moment, kind of, he's running off the pitch,
 I'm running on.
 And I was just so excited.
 And then within, I think it was about two,
 about three minutes of the game, I scored my first goal.
 You know, it was like a ball kind of floated
 over to the back post.
 I headed it down into the goal.
 And just that emotion in that moment was just, you know,
 something that's hard to describe.
 It was just, I had all my family there in the stadium,
 I had my friends, my wife, Kate.
 And yeah, just to kind of share that moment
 as an England player.
 And you know, no one can ever take that away from me.
 You know, I still remember it so vividly now.
 So that's probably one that I always say is my favorite
 because it meant so much.
 (upbeat music)
 Pleasantly surprised, but I feel like this is just
 a real slow warm up into what's to come.
 - Smart man.
 - And this is kind of one that takes a little bit
 of a jump here at four.
 Starts off kind of nice, kind of sweet, approachable.
 - Yeah, it's got like a little--
 - And then it--
 (claps)
 - Just.
 (sighs)
 Yeah.
 It's got like a little barbecue, like a little--
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Like a barbecue sweet.
 - It does, a little sweet barbecue situation, but--
 - And it just--
 - Yeah.
 - It's just like there, it's just like--
 - There's a sharpness to the aftertaste, exactly.
 - Yeah.
 (laughs)
 - Okay.
 So I'm fascinated by your dream to one day
 be a field goal kicker in the NFL,
 and I'm a Chicago Bears fan, okay?
 - Okay.
 - And a few years ago, we lost a playoff game
 on what was famously called the double doink, okay?
 It was a kick that went off the upright
 and then off the crossbar, doinking rather loudly
 along the way, and then out to lose the game.
 And it's crystallized in my memory,
 like one of my most crystallized sports fan memories.
 - And I'm curious if you would all sympathize,
 empathize, think about the plight of the field goal kicker,
 a position that naturally lends itself to being defined
 by its biggest failures and lowest moments.
 - Yeah, that's the thing with a field goal kicker,
 you know, they're not probably the most famous player
 on the team, they're not the one maybe--
 - They get famous when they mess up.
 - Exactly, so, you know, but they're probably maybe
 other than the quarterback under the most pressure
 when they're on the pitch, because, you know,
 how many NFL games go down to a winning field goal?
 - Right.
 - And you win or lose on the field goal.
 So in terms of pressure, you know,
 there's not many kind of specific moments in sport
 like a NFL kicker, so I think that's why it's so tough.
 And like you said, if you miss one,
 people remember that forever.
 So you've got to be pretty good to, you know,
 stay good in those moments.
 - Maybe that's what makes it fun for you.
 Have you ever thought about that?
 - Maybe, but it depends if I make them or don't make them.
 - But that's the risk.
 Maybe that's the feeling that you like.
 - Well, it's similar, like we touched on,
 it's similar to a penalty, you know, it's very,
 you know, you have the moment to be the hero,
 but also you have the moment to be the villain.
 So it's that, you know, it's that real balance.
 But I think that's what inside drives, you know,
 athletes or the top professionals to push themselves
 to those sort of limits.
 So we'll see, we'll see.
 I'm ready.
 - So this next one is the Los Calientes Rojo here.
 (upbeat music)
 So last year you posted that your New Year's resolution
 for the past decade has been to improve.
 What are the greatest lengths that you've gone to
 in order to master a part of the game?
 You know, I did read about you training
 with only your left foot for three months once.
 - Yeah, that left foot one, I was,
 I think I was about 17 at the time, maybe 18.
 And I could use my left foot, I was good with my left foot,
 but I looked around and I looked at the top players
 and I thought, well, if I want to be, you know, the best,
 I need to be able to pretty much score with my left foot
 as simple as the right, pass with my left foot.
 And I said, look, I'm just gonna,
 (coughs)
 (laughs)
 I'm just gonna use this,
 I'm gonna use this time to just practice my left.
 So in training, I literally, every shot I hit
 was with my left.
 Every time I touched the ball,
 I would dribble with my left, pass with my left foot.
 Got to the stage where,
 wherever I had a finish on my right, my left,
 I felt natural on both.
 And yeah, stuff like that has really kind of excelled me.
 And I feel like separated me from, you know,
 some of the other players who were probably just as talented
 as I was at that age.
 But that kind of mindset helped me to get where I am now.
 Spicy shark is a, got a bite.
 - It indeed does.
 (upbeat music)
 - Yeah, for sure.
 - Mm-hmm. - Yeah.
 I can almost see it in the bottom.
 (laughs)
 I can see that, the spice just sitting there, just.
 - Taunting you.
 - Okay, bit of a runny, bit of a nose.
 - It's all gonna loosen up here.
 It's that time.
 Are you at all envious of how American sports stars
 position themselves in the press?
 Like, have you observed a difference between the British
 and American media in terms of how they treat athletes?
 - Yeah, I think so.
 I think, you know, I'd probably say American athletes
 are a bit more open and a bit more,
 maybe just say less guarded in their approach
 to how they talk in the media.
 Maybe over in England, you have to be a little bit more
 careful with what you say and how you say things.
 I feel like the public ain't sitting in a room
 and someone's kind of guarding against certain questions
 or they don't wanna be, have to say the honest answer
 and they say maybe the correct answer if you wanna, but.
 - Sometimes you wanna just say the truth.
 - Yeah, yeah, pretty much, but obviously I understand
 how it works and sometimes you just, you can't do that,
 but I definitely feel like over here in the States,
 you can, the athletes are a little more open to doing that.
 (dramatic music)
 - I still got a spicy shark on my tongue, so.
 - I know.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - Similar to the spicy shark.
 - Right, we're just in that world.
 - I don't feel like that's taking a massive jump.
 I feel like that's.
 - The shark is a very spicy number six for this lineup,
 so it can be kind of jarring.
 You know, you're like, this is how we're starting
 the second half, we got four more to go,
 so it's kind of nice.
 The thing though about the Chico over here
 is it kind of kicks in a little bit later,
 you know, like as I think that you're catching, yeah.
 - I put like a lip tingle down.
 - Yeah.
 Reflecting back on your career from the youth game to now,
 what's the most memorable trick play or elaborate set piece
 you ever recall participating in?
 - Oh, good question, so there was one for England we had,
 we was playing Panama in the World Cup in 2018,
 and we had like two guys on the ball about 40 yards out,
 they played like a pass to the right side,
 to the left side.
 We all had our positions, you know,
 thinking about now, we all had our set positions,
 he kind of crossed it over to me on the far side,
 and then I headed it back across goal
 to one of my teammates, and it worked.
 We literally, we worked on it in training
 the day before the game, and you know,
 sometimes you work on this stuff and it's like,
 you know, you get to the game and it never works,
 you know, people are in different positions,
 but this one just worked perfectly,
 and we ended up scoring from it,
 so that's one that I always remember.
 I've heard about this.
 - Da Bomb. - Da Bomb.
 - Beyond insanity.
 What have you heard?
 - I've just heard it's brutal, and unenjoyable.
 - Well, I guess we'll find out.
 - We will.
 (dramatic music)
 - That's not nice. - No, not at all.
 - That's not nice.
 That is disgusting.
 Like the others, I feel like you could have
 with a nice bit of food or something.
 - Right, even when they were spicy,
 you saw some sort of redeeming culinary quality.
 Not in this one, though.
 (dramatic music)
 - That just burns every feet in your mouth.
 - I know, I know, and then here we are
 on an interview show, and I'm about to ask you a question.
 Right, right.
 - It's getting hot in here now.
 - It is getting hot.
 What in your mind is the greatest football anthem
 or chant of all time?
 - Well.
 Tottenham have a good one for me.
 They sing "He's One of Our Own," which come about,
 I scored a hat-trick in one of my first games.
 It was a Europa League game at the time.
 And I just started hearing them singing
 "He's One of Our Own," "He's One of Our Own."
 And yeah, it's just because I've come through the academy,
 because I've been here since I was young.
 - Hometown hero.
 - That was it, it was kind of, yeah,
 their way of kind of singing a song for me.
 And it really like hit me hard.
 It was amazing to hear, and I was local to the stadium.
 That's pretty rare in our sport to have that.
 So yeah, to have them sing "He's One of Our Own,"
 it feels like I'm part of them, I'm part of the fan group.
 And that's pretty special.
 - In the way that you just took De Bomb to the chest,
 I think your man of the people legacy
 is only gonna grow from here.
 - I think so.
 I hope so after doing this.
 I'm doing this for everyone.
 (laughing)
 Wow, that is like a...
 - It's crazy, it's intense.
 Always a part of the show
 where you don't know where it's gonna go,
 because that has to be the spiciest thing
 you've ever eaten in your life out of a match.
 - And probably the most disgusting thing
 I've ever eaten as well.
 There's no way anyone would ever eat that
 to have like an enjoyable meal, there's no way.
 There's two more to go as well, by the way.
 - Right.
 For better or worse, this next one is the "Watermelon Ghost."
 - I feel like my mouth can't be any more burnt.
 - Right, it's scorched earth.
 How bad can it be?
 - I feel like I can't feel anything.
 I feel like my mouth is just completely...
 - The hard work is over here, Harry.
 The hard work is all over.
 Once you get through De Bomb, you can take on anything.
 - Yeah, I feel like...
 But again, that was like...
 You could eat that.
 - Right, there's something to it.
 - People who like spice, they could maybe put that on there.
 - Find something you like.
 - The Bomb one is just a disgrace of a sauce.
 - Do you have any sort of strategy or rules of engagement
 when it comes to working the refs during a match?
 Or is that kind of communication just purely visceral?
 - Yeah, I feel like it is part and parcel of the sport.
 You have to be able to try and help,
 get help in any way possible.
 And sometimes if you're just shouting at the ref all the time,
 or he's got to maybe take that the other way
 and almost just put you to one side,
 give you no decisions or whatever it may be.
 The ref is always there to do his job,
 but he's a human at the end of the day.
 So I'm someone who likes to talk to the refs
 and try and understand some of the decisions they make
 'cause I know they're not always gonna be perfect.
 Yeah, ultimately it's just about figuring out
 what type of ref you got and then trying to like...
 - Do some armchair psychology and see what works for you
 in any given situation.
 All right.
 - We had a bit extra, didn't we?
 We had a little bit, okay.
 How much we talking?
 What we got, is that good?
 - Yeah, that's actually, that's perfect.
 - That's perfect? - That's perfect.
 - All right, well cheers. - Cheers.
 Going in.
 I love it.
 I love it.
 - Wow. - Yeah.
 Another crazy one, but I know, I know.
 Oh, it's all over.
 - Straight up my nose pretty much.
 - It's all over.
 You did it.
 The worst is behind you.
 And just one more question to close things out.
 You know, I came into this experience
 with a new, greater appreciation for the sport
 and for you, Harry Kane.
 Forever a Harry Kane supporter on this side of the table.
 But over the course of the research,
 there's so much just strange lingo,
 things that I needed definitions for.
 And I think now is the perfect time
 to bounce some of those things off of you
 to see if you can define these things
 while your brain slow roasts in hot sauce, okay?
 - Yeah, let's do it.
 - What's a fox in the box?
 - Fox in the box is like just a shop,
 you know, like nippy kind of player,
 scores the goals, but don't do much else.
 They're just a fox in the box.
 They just score goals close by, few tappings, yeah.
 - What's a dead ball specialist?
 - Dead ball, ah!
 Dead ball specialist is like a, you know,
 like a free kick or a corner kick.
 Yeah, and they just, they're like top of their game in that.
 So they always score loads of free kicks.
 Their corner kicks and stuff are always
 just perfectly in the box.
 So yeah, that's a dead ball specialist.
 - What's a howler?
 - A howler is like a real bad mistake.
 So, ah, so if you're like a goalkeeper
 and you let one through your legs
 or one you're supposed to catch, that's a howler.
 - Kick it behind you? - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Well, let me tell you something, Harry Kane.
 No howlers today, taking on the wings of death
 and living to tell the tale.
 And now there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - So guys, thanks for having me on the show.
 And it's just finished my season.
 You know, I've got some commitments coming up.
 I've just got my Harry Kane foundation
 that I launched last year.
 So excited to explore the mental health side of life
 and try and help as many people as possible.
 So appreciate all your support.
 Appreciate you guys having me on the show.
 Yeah, I've done it.
 I've done the hot wings. - You've done it.
 - I'm proud.
 (audience applauding)
 - Thank you very much. - So good.
 - Thank you. - It's so good.
 - Yeah.
 - Wow, but it's just,
 - Yeah.
 - Like, it's still there now, you know?
 - I know, I know.
 And then this is my, this is my parting advice to you.
 Just be careful around the eyes and like touching your face.
 - Okay. - Right now, hands,
 - Yeah, we're done. - Hot sauce,
 we're contaminated over here.
 So just a thorough washing of the hands
 'cause it sticks with you.
 And any hot sauce mistake you can possibly make,
 I've made many of them.
 All right, so we'll just like look into the camera here
 and just be like, it's hotter.
 - Okay, yeah.
 - All right.
 - If it's hot, maybe you guys will look at each other
 and look back at the camera.
 (laughing)
 Nice, awesome.
 - Amazing.
 - Cheers guys, thank you, thank you.
 - Thank you so much for watching today's video.
 I have a very exciting new product alert.
 Last year, Hot Ones brought the heat
 to the freezer aisle with our first ever
 Hot Ones boneless chicken bites.
 Well now, we are bringing even more heat to the freezer aisle
 with our brand new Hot Ones chicken strips
 made with our first ever seasoned blend.
 Two boldly seasoned varieties.
 You have the spicy garlic featuring
 the classic garlic Fresno with mild heat
 and garlic blasted goodness and smoky habanero
 with the tropical medium spice of our Los Calientes Rojo.
 We took the sauces that you know and love
 and with a little kitchen magic,
 turned it into the perfect seasoned blend
 that go great on our new Hot Ones chicken strips.
 To find Hot Ones chicken strips near you,
 visit Hot OnesChallenge.com.
 That's Hot OnesChallenge.com.
 Snack 'em, dip 'em, make 'em the perfect party platter.
 (upbeat music)
 (gentle music)
 You
