 They tricked me, bro. I thought it was just sweet and sweet and now...
 my blood pressure is going up.
 Hey, what's going on, everybody? For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans,
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 Es el show con preguntas calientes y alitas de pollo aún más calientes.
 And today we're joined by Jay Balvin.
 He's the prince of reggaeton and the king of streaming worldwide,
 as well as a five-time Latin Grammy Award winner.
 His latest album, Colores, is out now.
 The newest singles, "Ma G" and "Tu Veneno,"
 and as always the case with Jay Balvin, more new music on the way.
 But first, a gauntlet of very spicy chicken wings.
 Jay Balvin, welcome to the show.
 Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, my man. I appreciate it, man.
 So grateful to be here.
 And, uh, let's go. Let's see how it goes, man.
 I always, I always check what you do, man.
 And now is my time to be here. So let's let's do it.
 [music]
 OK, let's go.
 This is the first one?
 Oh, my God.
 But I love chicken wings, man.
 So you've been so successful in collaborating with major American artists
 on Spanish language songs.
 One that stands out to me in particular is Pharrell's hook on your song, "Safari."
 As someone who seems really committed to redefining what it means to be mainstream,
 do you take a certain sense of pride in seeing so much reverse crossover in pop music
 these days?
 We are in a great moment. You know, there's a lot of artists that paved the way for us before.
 You know, Daddy Yankee, Whitney and Dale,
 Tego Calderon, Don Omar, you know, there's a lot of
 legends in the reggaeton that opened the door for what we're doing now.
 My vision always been, you know, crossover in Spanish.
 People are vibing with what we say, even they don't know what we're saying.
 It's basically what happened with me with hip hop.
 You know, I was born in Colombia.
 And when I used to just mumble whatever you guys were saying,
 I didn't even know English, you know.
 I still don't know English, but I'm just trying, you know,
 to get some vibes.
 But man, like definitely
 it's beautiful to see how global and how big and how huge
 the music in Spanish is being around the world right now.
 Garlic and pepperoncini. OK.
 OK, so we're going to another level now, right?
 Taking it to another level.
 It's my favorite one in the lineup, my favorite one in the lineup.
 But this is delicious, like
 you do me, you do, you do me a favor right now, you know, like.
 Well, you know, for now, for now, J Balvin, you know,
 you might not be saying such nice things as we move on down the line.
 So because of your meteoric rise, some music fans
 might think of you as an overnight success story.
 But those who followed your journey know that it was a nearly 10 year
 long grind before you really started to break through as an artist.
 What do you remember about the infinity music days of camping out
 and outside of radio stations and printing your own CDs?
 Besides being the artist, I used to be my own manager.
 You know, when you see my name, Jose, speaking in the name of J Balvin,
 you know, so just speaking up, calls like, yeah, yeah, you know, like,
 oh, you want J Balvin? So, yeah, let me talk to him.
 If the schedule is good, let's see what J Balvin thinks, you know,
 and but it was me.
 That's like that's where maybe El Negocio was born.
 Yes, 100 percent.
 You know, that's that's because people used to be like, whoa, man,
 like you do everything, you know, like you're you're the businessman,
 you know, like and so someone one day called me, oh, you're the
 you're a negocio man, I'm like, whoa, I like that quote, you know, so
 it's been a process, you know, it's nothing that it was just like
 from one day to another, you know, so
 it's really a dope man that I can say that I have history.
 Speaking of Scott's Bonnet, you know that that was supposed to be my artist name.
 What? Yeah, it's funny.
 When I was looking for my name, I had a friend, you know,
 his name is Fatal, he's a rapper, you know,
 he was like, bro, you should have like a name like,
 you know, a spicy name like Scott's Bonnet.
 And this is the first time that I actually, you know, get the,
 you know, see what you're talking about, what he was talking about.
 So now let's taste it.
 What could have been I could have been interviewing Scott's Bonnet today.
 Yeah, yeah, true.
 Like, oh, here with Scott's Bonnet.
 Oh, now we're on another level.
 Kick it a little bit, kick it a little bit.
 So Architectural Digest once described a room in your Metty Ian home
 as being the world's dopest shoe museum, a sneaker closet,
 meticulously organized to display.
 Whoa, look, we have a dog.
 That's my dog Anso. He's always around.
 I feel lucky that I got I feel lucky I got a chance to meet him today.
 He loves wings. He loves wings. I swear he loves wings.
 Are you still looking for those Wu Tang dunks or have you been able to track those down?
 I'm still looking.
 I was actually making a phone call yesterday.
 To get them, they found a size seven, so, nope.
 Still on the hunt.
 Yeah, yeah, we would find them on a right price, I guess.
 That's the one.
 That name is scary.
 Oh, my God. OK.
 Favorite garlic and pepperoncini and now Tofire is a good one.
 So the streaming revolution and apps like TikTok have paved a way for artists
 to create hits on a global scale unlike ever before.
 And in 2018, you actually overthrew Drake as the most streamed artist in the entire world.
 Have you given any thought to how or why reggaeton and Latin music
 has seemed to outpace the rest of the music industry?
 It's happy. You know, it makes you feel it's a feeling good music.
 You know, like it's all about emotions, experience.
 People feel that, you know, with the beat and the melody we throw, you know.
 So it's really dope, you know, that you can make people like, oh.
 Besides that vibe with the flows and the vibe,
 I want to really know why is he saying so?
 That's we are in some like education, new vibes to the to the world.
 Now we're talking, it's in Spanish.
 Oof. This one is actually amazing.
 You dig it.
 I think I know what you're doing. You're playing with me.
 You know, you're like, let's get a little, you know, nice taste,
 you know, a little spice and then boom.
 J Balvin, he knows how the game is played.
 All right, J Balvin, we have a recurring segment on our show called Explain That Gram
 where we do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So I'll show you the picture.
 You just tell us the bigger story.
 So last month, he turned Canelo Alvarez's entrance into a full blown concert.
 Did you guys discuss which songs to perform in order to set a vibe for his fight?
 OK, now stop feeling it.
 The Canelo is right now one of the biggest fighters in the planet,
 you know, and it hits. I speak.
 OK, and he called me, he was like, do you want to sing?
 In my fight, I was like, bro, I've been waiting for this moment for like 10 years.
 What are you talking about? Yes, it was more than a statement.
 You know, like first time Canelo brings, you know, one of his favorite artists to the ring and he killed it.
 Yeah, I know. Yeah.
 Speaking of statements, you know, like that, that the song, I think, might have lasted longer than the fight.
 It's it's true.
 But you know, this is this is crazy because when I talk to him,
 he definitely told me, like, listen, I'm going to knock him out at the third round.
 I was like, what are you talking about, man?
 Like he was like, listen, I know I've been training, I've been studying.
 And on the third round, Canelo's daughter approached to me and she was like, I love your songs.
 It's just start singing my songs.
 And she was keep singing and singing my song.
 You're out. Oh, my God. You know, thank you. And boom.
 I saw that. And he knocked the guy in the third round.
 And I was like, what happened?
 OK. Mm hmm.
 Oh, man. It's getting spicy now.
 It's they tricked me, bro.
 I thought it was just sweet and sweet.
 And now my blood pressure is going up.
 I knew it. So a star of your caliber could easily stick to legacy media,
 you know, Vogue covers and GQ spreads.
 But you really get into the weeds of a lot of your press appearances,
 talking sneakers on full size run.
 I've seen you on an economist podcast.
 Of course, today you're eating scorching hot chicken wings with me on YouTube.
 It's different from some of the pop stars that you're compared to, like Drake or Kanye.
 Where does that impulse come from?
 Wait, you're going to ask me a question again, because my
 my bro, my my head is on fire right now.
 I don't like to feel like a superstar.
 I still think that I'm not a superstar.
 I'm just a big dreamer because I know how it feels.
 I've been a fan of a lot of artists that I see them and they act certain way.
 And when I meet them, it's a totally different person.
 And that take them here to here.
 Being real is the best thing that could ever happen to me
 because I don't have to act.
 I just want to be, you know, me, you know, being real, you know,
 you can ask your voice after this if I was a piece of shit or not.
 I will be like, I will be like, bro, you say, yo, what's up?
 Or he was like, I don't know.
 I just I just want to be me, you know, and I'm blessed.
 I feel blessed that I was raised in a real good way.
 Well, the story about this one, torch beer sauce, honey, badger, honey, mustard.
 So don't let the honey fool you, as I just learned the hard way.
 OK, it's like it's like a mustard from hell.
 It's like a sweet mustard from hell. OK.
 Be careful out there.
 Oh,
 well, this is dangerous. Yeah.
 I'm a try a little bit.
 Wow. Oh, my God, I'm getting chills and shit.
 Yeah. So you're widely recognized for your personal style,
 but one of the most underrated things about J Balvin, in my opinion, is your watch game,
 which has been chronicled and acclaimed by watch experts and collectors all over the Internet.
 I once saw you wearing a rainbow Daytona with the white gold.
 And I don't know a ton about watches, but I do know that that one is extremely rare.
 Of all the watches that you own, which one was the most difficult or challenging to track down?
 The most difficult one, it was a gift that someone gave it to me.
 And a guy came to me, he was like, listen, I respect you a lot and I want to give you this as a gift.
 I was like, listen, I cannot receive it.
 You know, like, I don't want you to owe you no favor.
 He was like, if you don't receive it, you're not going to get out of this country.
 So and I know he was saying for real.
 So so when I saw, OK, I'm going to go, OK.
 But the story is beautiful because I asked him, like, how does it feel to be so powerful at your age?
 He was my same age and he answered me with the same question.
 How does it feel to be so powerful at your age?
 And we're like.
 Oh, bro, you're right.
 The power of music and the power that we have.
 Touched everybody's people's life, you know, so that is a richer meal.
 You just want in the world.
 I wasn't looking for it. Life just works in a mysterious way.
 Which is the better Swiss watchmaker, in your opinion, AP or Patek?
 Oh, that's a good question.
 I mean, historically, Patek, they haven't changed the shape to take new buyers.
 They just keep it real and keep it as simple as the original shape.
 It's like when we're talking about a Jordan one.
 Right, right. You know, they still.
 You know, they might change some colors, they might change something, but
 the shape is the shape and that's what makes it classic.
 But definitely AP, they do grow with the new generation,
 which is I think is cooler, too, you know, I buy with both.
 But, you know, when you know about watches,
 you know, you know, you don't bust them down.
 Yeah, I'm curious what you think about that is as a watch purist
 and someone who's really into watches, because I think, you know,
 a lot of people think like if you ice it down or if you're adding diamonds to it.
 That's to me, like I've been I've been.
 I'm always like, I love to see my boys growing up in the game,
 you know, like artists that I've been supporting since day one.
 So they you know, when they start getting money, you know, they start like
 ice, you know, bust down or the first Rolex and the first AP and the first whatever.
 Add a million in diamonds if you want.
 The real price of that watch is going down because it's not original.
 You know, like every time I see like someone with a watch that is beautiful
 and they add diamonds, I'm like.
 No, bro, you did not touch that.
 So please keep your watches original, you know, respect the art,
 respect the the legacy.
 Oh, my God, bro.
 The bomb beyond insanity.
 This is the video that everybody wants to watch. Cheers, my G.
 Cheers. Cheers, J Balvin. OK.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 This is toxic, bro.
 I know, but still eating it, still going in.
 By blood pressure, right?
 It's crazy. It's crazy.
 Whoa. But can't stop eating it.
 Can't stop eating it.
 My G.
 So between New York, Miami and L.A.,
 is there one of those cities that does Colombian food better than the others?
 I can talk, bro.
 I know.
 Huh?
 New York.
 L.A.
 I want to cry, bro.
 Careful around your eyes, careful around your eyes.
 Just don't touch your eyes.
 I know.
 I know.
 Meditation, meditating.
 Let the yoga exist.
 Bro.
 In my science.
 New York might have the best Colombian food besides
 Colombia.
 When everything happened in Colombia and everything was bad
 with the past that we everybody knows, a lot of Colombians
 escaped from Colombia to New York.
 So when you walk in Queens, you find places that taste even better
 and more Colombian than being in Colombia.
 My foreign language skills are pitiful, but I want to at least try
 to be able to talk about spicy food all over the world.
 Is there a Colombian slang, a phrase, a saying about eating super spicy food
 that you can teach me?
 Picante hasta la chimba.
 Picante hasta la chimba. What does that mean?
 It's like, "This spicy as fuck."
 Picante hasta la chimba.
 Yeah.
 All right, well, speaking of picante hasta la chimba, are you ready to move on
 to the next sauce?
 This is the eye of the scorpion.
 Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go.
 I mean, I've already been through this hell.
 I already seen the devil.
 I talked to him for a while.
 [laughs]
 Which one is this one?
 Eye of the scorpion hot sauce.
 Smells, but it's powerful, like...
 Yeah.
 Really close to hell.
 Be careful, be careful.
 Yeah.
 Okay, let's go.
 Just a...
 Oh, this one goes to your throat, bro.
 Yeah.
 Catches it, but still going in.
 Just still, still cleaning every wing.
 I'm very...
 Oh, my God.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Oh, again?
 You said that style is a passion of yours on the same level as music,
 and to your credit, you have some of the best merch in the entire music industry.
 If you were to create a capsule collection of hot ones, what would it look like?
 I'll grab a pen so I can take some notes.
 Could be like a lot of flames with different colors.
 You know, like the red, the blue, the orange, the...
 You know, like maybe around here, you know, like different, like...
 Or just like one big flame here that is showing the degrees of how they're going up and up and up and up and up and up and up.
 A Scoville scale, like that'll measure how spicy something is.
 Yeah.
 Like a Scoville hoodie.
 But that's something quick.
 You know, take a seat, you know, and we might come up with some crazy ideas, of course, but...
 The scale is dope.
 Apollo, the last dab.
 Whoa.
 Is this the spiciest meal you've ever eaten?
 100%.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, 100%.
 100%.
 But this right here, you can kill people with this.
 Yeah, I know.
 It's only a matter of time.
 But Apollo is no joke.
 Great.
 Alright, J Balvin, we're just about to send you to a cryogenic chamber to recover.
 But before we send you on your way, your career, you know, it's taken you around the world.
 You've gotten to work with so many industry titans and met a bunch of heroes along the way.
 Notably, one that's of interest to me is that you met the defining members of the Chicago Bulls dynasty, all of them.
 Dennis Rodman, Scottie Pippen, and Michael Jordan.
 I think I know the answer to this question, but just to make it official,
 which one of those Bulls legends left the biggest impression on you and why?
 With Michael Jordan, I stayed like four or five hours talking with him in Paris the whole night.
 So I had the chance to really get to know a little bit of this legend.
 Dennis, the coolest, man.
 You know, just as you see it, Scottie is definitely such a gentleman, man.
 Such a gentleman, man.
 And Michael has a little bit of all of them.
 You know, you can see like the crazy in him a little bit.
 But you see the gentleman, but you see the attitude that, you know, that he knows who he is and he knows he is a living legend.
 I love all three, but definitely can say that I had a real long talk with Michael Jordan.
 That was the legend right there.
 And a hot sauce legend in the making, and Jay Balvin taking on the wings of death and living to tell the story,
 the spiciest meal he's ever had in his life.
 But he completed it, and he really completed it.
 And now, Jay Balvin, there's nothing left to do but roll out the red carpet for you, my friend.
 This camera, that camera, probably just the one you're looking at.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 I had a blast.
 This is amazing.
 I just tried.
 How many?
 One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
 Ten different types of hell in your mouth.
 You're such a talented guy that knows the right questions and knows what's up with your career.
 So, man, I'm blessed.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for the opportunity to be here.
 If I'm not mistaken, I'm the first Latino with you.
 You're the first Colombian.
 The first Colombian ever on Hot Ones.
 Let's go.
 So, you know, Colombian represent, Latino gang.
 Thank you so much.
 Love it, man.
 Thank you, my G.
 Great job, Jay Balvin.
 Great job.
 I got one of my best friends here.
 He's going to try this one because he's a nice, he's a guy that likes spicy things.
 Okay, Andres.
 This is my best friend, Andres.
 Can you?
 Okay.
 This is my gift to you.
 Thank you.
 That's show how much I love you.
 Okay.
 Let's go.
 Wait, wait, wait.
 Wait, wait.
 What the fuck?
 You, you doing it?
 Hippo?
 Wait.
 I told you, bro.
 This is the hell.
 I'm a dude.
 I knew it.
 I knew it.
 Papa go, breathe.
 Breathe.
 This is real.
 This is real.
 Oh my God.
 I told you G.
 Jay, you got to do something nice for Andres this afternoon.
 You got to do something nice for your boy.
 You have to.
 Bro, the bomb.
 My dude.
 Hey, what's going on hot ones fans.
 This is Sean Evans checking in to say thank you so much for watching today's episode.
 And if you're thinking, Hey Sean, that's a cool beanie.
 I'd like to pick one up for myself.
 Well, guess what?
 You are in luck shop.
 First we feast.com has got you covered when it comes to beanies.
 When it comes to sauces, when it comes to hoodies and a whole bunch of other stuff
 like this, probably my favorite thing that we've ever made.
 LA Kings hot ones hockey jersey.
 That's right.
 We even have that at shop.firstwefeast.com assuming it hasn't sold out by the time this end card goes up.
 Shop.firstwefeast.com shop.firstwefeast.com shop.firstwefeast.com for all your sauces, hoodies and beanies and other stuff too.
 Wrister.
 Hot ones.
 Now just a little bit colder.
 [Cheers]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
