 You think you can take me to Nowhere Land?
 That's what I think.
 And I'm not gonna take you to my world?
 That's what I think.
 Now I think I'm being low-key.
 Nowhere Land is my world!
 I know, I know.
 Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we close out season 20 with Jake Gyllenhaal.
 He's an Academy Award nominated actor whose resume includes everything from box office
 shattering franchise films to chilling psychological thrillers to West End productions and the Broadway
 stage.
 His latest project though is the Guy Ritchie directed action thriller The Covenant, which
 is set to release in theaters on April 21st.
 Jake Gyllenhaal, welcome to the show.
 It is an honor to be here.
 Thank you for having me.
 I know that you're fully committed to your prep work as an actor.
 Yeah.
 Did you do anything to prepare for today's Hot Ones interview?
 The preparation came from just being constantly battered by you guys for a number of years
 to come on the show, which has been actually really flattering, honestly.
 And then also some people that I work with telling me that they wouldn't work for me
 anymore if I didn't come.
 So I'm nothing without them and I need to be here for that reason only.
 So well, thank you guys so much for the referral.
 Thank you guys so much for the referral.
 Jake, you ready to get started?
 I know.
 You're getting with your fingers.
 That's interesting.
 A little pull.
 Look how observant you are.
 Yeah, yeah, that's interesting.
 I see that.
 I should have seen that another.
 This is not a competition.
 This is not a competition.
 That wasn't so bad.
 Like really good.
 So The Covenant tells the story of a U.S. Army Sergeant and Afghan interpreter who become
 bonded, more or less out of necessity in the wake of an ambush that puts them both in a
 unique position to save each other.
 With Guy Ritchie, I understand that part of his approach to filmmaking is to give an actor
 a lot of space to explore.
 Did you find that to be more daunting, more challenging or more liberating in a film that's
 otherwise so technical and intense?
 I love the thing I love about my job is that you get to work with so many different minds,
 you know, and particularly people at the helm.
 They're all different.
 And with Guy, it was unlike anything I've ever done.
 He said to me, "Don't memorize any of your lines."
 And the script came in 50 pages.
 It wasn't a fully written script.
 Usually scripts are like 110 pages.
 And I was like, "What is this?" when he first sent it.
 And he said, "You come to set, work on it on the day and you'll go shoot your thing."
 And it was one of the most inspiring creative experiences I've ever had because it asked
 for total let go, you know, just let go, come in, figure it out, figure it out together.
 I loved it.
 I loved it.
 Shaquanda.
 Why are you looking at me like that?
 Well, you're not the only one observing out here today.
 You have that look.
 You went like this.
 Get used to it.
 Get used to it as we go here.
 I've noticed it though.
 Yeah.
 You have one hell of an upper body.
 Oh, thank you.
 Like, yeah.
 I'm not a big fan of the upper body.
 I'm not a big fan of the upper body.
 I'm not a big fan of the upper body.
 I'm not a big fan of the upper body.
 I'm not a big fan of the upper body.
 I'm not a big fan of the upper body.
 I'm not a big fan of the upper body.
 I'm not a big fan of the upper body.
 I'm not a big fan of the upper body.
 I'm not a big fan of the upper body.
 I'm not a big fan of the upper body.
 Sometimes I'll come to a film and I'm just in someone's world and I'm doing my job.
 I'm an actor for hire and I've done the work on my character and my character alone and
 it's their world to build and I'll just do that job and try and do it better than they
 expected.
 And then sometimes you have a connection with someone and I believe the best stuff is when
 we're most vulnerable.
 I've experienced that very rarely where I trust somebody so much they can literally
 take me anywhere and I'll go and I open up to them.
 And the weird part of that is sometimes they're not always the best movies I've made.
 So it's a mystery after however many movies I still don't know.
 Yeah it does look like Donnie Darko.
 It looks like Frank.
 Wait no wait hold up.
 Little rip.
 Rip it and rip it.
 I think that's part of the technique because you got to save your lips right?
 That's what it is.
 When you put your 10,000 hours in yeah yeah.
 Save your lips.
 How if at all would you say your experience doing theater has changed or influenced your
 approach to making movies?
 I got creepy booger hot sauce on my hands.
 You know when someone's like and they're just talking like this?
 Do you think if I was talking like this I didn't know the only thing people pay attention
 to is this?
 Yeah I think so.
 Speaking of theater.
 Yeah yeah yeah.
 I've seen actors steal scenes on stage like that.
 Really?
 Yeah yeah just like come in and like put something on a table and they leave and it's like precarious
 and the whole audience looks at the thing not the other actor coming in.
 This is a technique I'm using.
 That's disgusting.
 That's not hot sauce.
 I actually that's those are my boogers.
 So it's all about the story in theater.
 I mean I always believe it's always about the story.
 Like story is king.
 You start to realize like in a rehearsal for instance as an example like one time I got
 this a little hot.
 That's a little hot.
 I in a rehearsal once I don't know if it's hot or if it's everyone being like is it hot
 for him?
 The vibes of energy coming at me.
 The power of suggestion.
 Yeah the power of suggestion.
 Is it fucking him up?
 Is it fucking him up?
 Oh really?
 You don't feel that?
 You sure you don't feel that?
 Everything okay Jake?
 There's nothing weirder than that.
 You okay?
 If anyone asks you that you're like no I'm not.
 I'm clearly not okay.
 But there's a moment in rehearsal where we are in previews which is when the audience
 comes you know but you're not open yet so you're testing the play out in front of audiences
 but you're tweaking things before the reviewers come.
 And I remember a director coming to me and an actor that I was working with and we thought
 we killed it that night.
 Like we were like oh my god we're both so emotional and like you were amazing.
 And like you were amazing.
 She came back the director was like that was so slow and so boring you need to pick it
 up.
 We were like what?
 That was the best thing we've ever done.
 She was like it was the worst one I've seen.
 She was like just pick it up for tomorrow night.
 The next night we came in we just set our lines we paced it up and we did it.
 She came back crying and she was like that was incredible.
 And we were like what?
 And all we did was tell the story.
 All we did was say the lines.
 We kept the rhythm right.
 The mind of the audience was following along and so they were allowed to be moved.
 And it just allows you to be more present in every form of acting.
 That makes any sense.
 I'm following right along.
 I like diving into the abstract right along with you.
 Well welcome to my world.
 In this deep welcome to our world you know this black vortex where we can just.
 What time?
 It's no time.
 It's no time.
 It's no time.
 Did you just blow on it?
 Yeah no I'm changing.
 Oh angles?
 Yeah I'm going angles.
 Keep my lips away.
 Oh shoot.
 I almost dropped that.
 Of all the characters you've played which one did you say had the biggest transformation
 or evolution from the way that it was written into the script to what ultimately ended up
 materializing on screen?
 I think about a character like that I played in a movie called Prisoners.
 That's a great movie.
 Thanks.
 And the character was written one way but I could see the essence of something else
 in it.
 In the first draft it was a character that was much more kind of straight laced.
 He was much more sort of trying to find an answer.
 But the trying to find the answer thing was the most interesting part of it.
 And I don't think that outward strappings of it trappings of it were were as important.
 But to me they became important.
 And I wanted the character to be a mystery.
 Like but determined.
 So the audience had two things going on at the same time.
 And so to me it's not necessarily like a bad script that became a good movie.
 But sometimes you just add on to things you know and they become something totally different
 than what was written on the page.
 But still with the same intention you know.
 Then again I think Bubble Boy was a pretty good script and a fantastic movie.
 So I guess that's sort of that's that's my answer.
 The sauce is like.
 It's the first sauce that I immediately feel on my lips.
 What's that?
 Okay now it's getting hotter.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And it lives.
 Oh great.
 You know like it grows a little bit.
 Thanks bro for that information.
 You know I'm just you know this is me being honest.
 Yeah thank you.
 You know when people hold information and then they give it to you afterwards.
 That's not really honesty just FYI.
 But that's cool.
 We're in nowhere land so I guess that's the way it goes.
 That's how it goes.
 We're in the abstract you know.
 I am so determined not to unfold this napkin and just wipe slowly.
 Oh I like that.
 All right.
 I am so determined.
 I have watched you by the way.
 Like I you're sometimes much more interesting to watch than the guests.
 Don't even think about it on this one.
 But the but no it's really it's it's it I there's a lot of.
 I'm looking right back.
 I'm looking right back in your soul.
 All right Jake.
 I like this.
 Mm-hmm.
 It sucks though because like you don't get to come back do you?
 Oh yeah people come back.
 Post came back right?
 Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
 If you want to come back Jake open invite.
 Wait a second I'm just I'm enjoying myself now.
 Yeah let's see how it goes.
 Okay.
 Is it true that the chasing and end of watch in your patrol car smashes into the back of
 a silver minivan that that wasn't scripted that the production had pulled out the anti-lock
 brake system because it made the mounted camera move?
 Wow.
 Damn.
 It wasn't a mistake as all stunts go you never really know how it's gonna go.
 Any good stunt is a little bit of a mistake.
 We all were so jacked about that opening sequence.
 You know we come out of the car and there's all this live fire you know we approach and
 you meet the characters for the first time.
 It was all meant to be one take so we were just when we got it we were like did we get
 it?
 We got it!
 Everyone was so excited so it was fun.
 Fact or fiction that scene in Nightcrawler where you're yelling at yourself in the mirror
 you got so caught up in the improvisation that you ended up cutting your hand open four
 hour operation 46 stitches?
 Four hours?
 I wasn't like put under anything but yeah yeah I did and I got stitches yeah 46 stitches.
 Fun fact the opening of that movie if anyone gives a shit.
 That movie kicks ass.
 Thank you so much.
 You should see that yeah yeah.
 We the opening of the movie with my character my hands are behind my back through the opening
 two or three scenes we shot those scenes last and because I had a huge cast on my arm my
 entire character my I'm hiding we're hiding it throughout the opening.
 Fact or fiction the burning latrines and jarhead had real human and animal feces as a way to
 give you like a real authentic reaction in the scene.
 That is not true.
 That fact I mean false that's false that is false that was not there's no real shit in
 that.
 But what they did do sorry what they did do is they put fucking flies in it to make it
 look like real shit.
 They had a fly what is it wrangler.
 I didn't even know that such a thing exists.
 A dude with flies came with like all these flies and then would in the fake shit would
 like rub sweet stuff all over it and then throw and then also I've had that happen in
 movies where they they throw flies at your face to make them look like you know like
 if you're like playing dead or something that the flies are flying on you and they have
 fly wranglers and they come over and they like drop flies on your face and try and put
 sugar on your face and stuff so that the flies stay.
 Sometimes they just have like flies on your face just and you're sitting there like waiting
 for them like we're rolling.
 No can you get the fly the flies not moving on his face.
 You know so yeah.
 Oh I just touched my face.
 Oh okay.
 Wait.
 That feels hot.
 Now it's in my whole mouth.
 This is like have you ever seen that that Danny Kaye movie the court jester.
 No no no put me on game.
 Okay because there's a piece in that where it's like has a rhyming scheme in it where
 he's like the chalice with the palace has the brew that is true but the vessel with
 the pestle has the and he like does this whole thing it's like a word game.
 That's what I feel about this because one of them like has poison in it.
 You know what I mean.
 But it looks like so good to drink.
 Right right.
 You know what I mean.
 And you're like don't fuck with the water.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 Yeah.
 Well then we'll stay off.
 We'll stay off the liquids.
 Cool.
 We'll see how it goes.
 So coming out of Oscar season you hear all these Hollywood pundits talking about breakout
 stars and yeah and how critical their next move will be.
 They obsess about the sequence of roles and this person needs a prestige film next.
 This person needs a blockbuster.
 Is that advice that you would give to a young actor or was there ever a time in your career
 where you felt that kind of pressure.
 Oh my god.
 Yes.
 We're going to get deep for a second.
 Yeah let's do it.
 Okay.
 Let's do it.
 But when you see like I was I had the honor and have had the honor twice in my life to
 go see Michelangelo's David in Italy right.
 And when you see his David I am not comparing my career to Michelangelo.
 When you see his David and you see how much effort he put into that like every single
 it's polished every single detail it's like a scientific work of magic and also perfection.
 It's an artistic work of the same thing.
 You know it's insane.
 But right next to it in the museum are the slaves.
 You have half formed figures you didn't even finish chipping them out of the marble right.
 And their works of genius.
 And so I think like early in a career you think I have to make it all like everyone
 you know and then slowly you just start to go like this is interesting.
 I'm going to try that.
 What's my what do I want to do.
 Like how do I want to express myself.
 And like sometimes for me personally that's been about like oh let's have fun like whatever
 fuck it you know.
 And sometimes it's been like this moves me so deeply that I cannot tell.
 So yes I mean that's I think that's inevitable that part I've been through it and I've made
 choices I'm proud of and other ones I'm not but it's all part of the game and you just
 got to stay in it.
 And I'm a fan of mermaids so.
 So this should hit.
 Just left a stain.
 This one left a stain on the wood.
 This is an orange stain on the wood.
 Yeah it's that it's that time.
 It's that time in the lineup.
 Oh yeah.
 Has it back in the throat.
 Yeah.
 Oh that's cool.
 You guys have like toothpicks with people and stuff.
 Yeah we do.
 Is that post.
 You know actually we keep it around just in case you need anything dirty.
 People aren't allowed to wet ones them.
 You can wet one you can wet one.
 No way.
 Not for you today.
 Who the fuck wet ones.
 Who the fuck used wet ones.
 What is that.
 Fuck that.
 Fuck that.
 Fuck that.
 What asshole used a fucking used a toothpick.
 Who is Elizabeth Olsen.
 Oh sorry Elizabeth.
 She's like like literally the least asshole I've ever met.
 So I'm sorry.
 Walk that one back.
 I'm absolutely I'm walking that back.
 Give me 14 of the Apollos.
 I'm sorry.
 Which was a more uncomfortable character development exercise simulating altitude sickness in a
 hyperbaric chamber to prepare for Everest.
 Well you really beautiful searching.
 Or getting tased in the lead up for your role as an LA cop and end up watch.
 The altitude training lingered for at least a day.
 I mean talk about an experience that like made me feel like my brain had exploded because
 we went basically up to 36000 feet.
 And then we were like Josh Brolin and I were like dancing in the chamber like we're fine.
 We got out and we're like and we're laughing and laughing and laughing.
 And we got out and like when we got out we were both like do you feel strange.
 And like both of us were like we fell asleep and we woke up and I was like who are you.
 He's like Josh Brolin.
 I was like what the fuck.
 Like it was so weird.
 At least it was with Josh Brolin you know that actually sounds like a fun guy to go through
 something like that.
 We had a blast.
 We had a total blast.
 But I think I lost a number of brain cells which is how I'm getting through this today.
 Well you know what for this next sauce the fewer the brain cells the better.
 This is the bomb beyond insanity.
 This one is wild.
 See this is me telling you before.
 Now you know I could handle the other ones and now you're fucking me up.
 Now I'm telling you before though you know this is honesty.
 I'm telling you before.
 Thank you.
 I appreciate that.
 That's how a relationship evolves.
 As you go through the wings yeah.
 Yeah.
 Oh god.
 But it'll probably take a step back after this bite.
 It smells like a barbecue.
 Like it smells like.
 But.
 Oh god don't touch my lips.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Three.
 Two.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Oh and I swallowed two.
 Yeah yeah yeah right right right right right.
 Yeah.
 That's I mean.
 Wow it's really making me make a lot of saliva.
 Right yeah yeah.
 The ways that it kind of like physiologically changes you.
 My body's like this is poison.
 And you.
 Yeah right.
 Like once like reject.
 I think my leg just cracked.
 Oh don't breathe in.
 Yeah I know I'm like breathing makes it worse.
 Everything makes it worse.
 I love you man.
 I love you right back.
 I love you right back.
 Like I'm taking this moment and I just want you to know you you're taking me somewhere
 very special.
 And I want to say I love you.
 And you're and you know what there's love all around.
 All around.
 All around.
 No matter what happens.
 Well I appreciate it.
 Because you know when our when the when the relationship was evolved.
 Oh no you're doing the wizard stuff again.
 Wizard stuff again.
 I was worried that this would break it all again.
 Why is my leg cramping?
 What the fuck?
 Oh my god.
 I think I need to eat the whole thing.
 All right.
 Well before you do.
 Hold on before you do.
 Yeah yeah.
 I can't lift the wing.
 I'm cramping.
 Oh Christ.
 Okay.
 I'm gonna bite bro.
 Here we go.
 I'll see you on the other side.
 All right.
 Oh I'm really trying to get in my eyes either.
 I have this fear that it's gonna pop.
 Like splash.
 Yeah yeah yeah.
 God lord.
 If I'm here I'm fucking doing this man.
 I know.
 I like that.
 I'm like fully immersed in the experience.
 Incredible.
 Fuck this.
 I hate this.
 Oh yeah.
 I love you more man.
 I love you even more.
 Same Jake.
 Rise up.
 This is beautiful.
 Oh my god.
 So Ryan Reynolds once called you a black belt in the kitchen.
 Now I've heard you talk about spending the better part of a day shopping on Fresh Direct.
 What is it that you find?
 How the fuck did you ask these questions?
 I didn't get these things.
 How do you know I spend so much time on Fresh Direct?
 What is it that you find so special or otherworldly about the River Cafe in London?
 Slow cooked tomato sauce.
 Why you fucking wedding man?
 I ate it in my head man.
 Slow cooked tomato sauce.
 What do I find so special about it?
 Simplicity.
 Oh wow you drank water.
 I have the most electric head high right now off of this than I've ever had doing this
 show.
 Really?
 Wanna know why?
 Cause now you're in my world motherfucker.
 I brought you into my world now.
 You think you can take me to nowhere land and I'm not gonna take you to my world?
 That's what I think.
 Now I think I'm in your world.
 Nowhere land is my world.
 I know.
 I know.
 I am in nowhere land right now.
 I am floating.
 Oh my god.
 It's coming down a little bit but I feel like I have just beautiful lips right now.
 Yeah.
 That can't be stopped.
 Respect.
 Fuck this.
 This is great.
 It is great.
 Really?
 No no no.
 I hate this sauce.
 Yeah.
 But this is great.
 Yeah yeah.
 You're awesome.
 I understand what people really dig you man.
 You're awesome.
 It was really fun.
 Oh well thank you Jake.
 I hate you so much.
 Right I know.
 I know.
 No I don't hate you.
 I really don't.
 But I'm not.
 Every time I breathe in.
 I think you're like out of it.
 Yeah yeah.
 Right it pulls you back in.
 It pulls you back in.
 Can you give us one highlight and one low light from the time that you spent exploring the
 frozen wilderness of Iceland alongside Bear Grylls?
 Oh yeah.
 Well, one of the highlights was just being there.
 Like being in Iceland with Bear Grylls.
 Like doing the adventure.
 Taking the challenge.
 Like that was like.
 That was just so cool.
 And I think of everything we did, being hooked up to a harness.
 Without knowing it.
 Then being connected to a helicopter and being flown across Iceland hanging dangling from
 a helicopter was a highlight.
 The not fun part was when they asked me on a questionnaire.
 Which I should have known.
 What are you most afraid of?
 And I said like I really would love to not do things with things that are too high.
 Like heights.
 And then the last challenge was me having to drag myself across a line.
 Like a rope with a 1500 foot drop.
 Like from like with you know.
 Like I don't know.
 It was two football fields long.
 Bear was like whoa we can't.
 In order to finish this whole day.
 We are this whole challenge.
 We have to crawl across.
 I was like I told you I was afraid of heights.
 He's like well like we can take the other walk around which takes seven days.
 And I was like what the fuck.
 And I was like I told you I was afraid of heights.
 And we and we and we and I did that.
 That was the low that sucked.
 Like that was like I was in the middle of this rope.
 The wind was flailing.
 I'm like it was snowing.
 And I was wrapped my left no shit.
 My left leg was wrapped around a rope and that was yanking myself laying on a rope across
 this thing and the rope was just flying back and forth in the wind.
 And there was Bear Grylls going like you can do it man.
 Like that.
 I was like that was a look.
 That was a low point.
 That was a low point.
 But you made it through.
 I did.
 I made it through.
 Oh yeah.
 Are you dab when I dab?
 I ended up kind of just pouring it all over.
 But don't do that.
 But okay fine.
 No.
 No good?
 No.
 When you say all over what is all over to you?
 Now I just.
 Whatever season 20 you got to do a bigger.
 I'm just trying to match you.
 Is this like made out of the ashes of your past guests?
 No that's an amazing.
 We collect them after they leave and we put them in the Apollo.
 The entire legacy of the show.
 Yeah.
 It's all in here.
 I can't think of it.
 I haven't seen any of them after these interviews.
 All right.
 Yeah.
 Right right right.
 I know.
 I know.
 I know.
 Oh.
 I do.
 Insane.
 Fuck it.
 Insane.
 I'm fucking.
 We hear you got to do it.
 Season 20 go out with a fucking bang.
 Yeah.
 You guys didn't do 20 seasons to watch me take a little mini bite out of this fucking
 thing.
 Incredible.
 Wait that.
 And Jake Gyllenhaal mercifully.
 That's a wrap on Hot Ones season 20.
 That's a wrap on the wings of death.
 And to close things out.
 I'm fascinated by this quote of yours.
 There's strange idiosyncrasies from roles that I play that I picked up that will never
 go away.
 Can you think of an example of something that you picked up on for a role that's still in
 your DNA and then follow up.
 Is there a peculiarity a tick that you think you might carry with you after going through
 this experience.
 Truly in my life at the age I'm at I was like if there's something that I'm afraid of and
 I'm thinking about why I'm afraid of it a lot of times I want to go try and do it.
 And you guys have actually asked me a few times to do it and I will admit here that
 I've probably been a little bit afraid to do it.
 And I'm at a different point in my life where I'm just like you know what.
 Let's go because this is this is great.
 Like I burst through like a little thing that I was not a little thing thing that I was
 a little bit nervous about.
 Yes it's true.
 And I appreciate that.
 I'm grateful to you for that.
 And man there's just there's nothing but love like and all those people who said they hate
 you while they eat these wings.
 Fuck them.
 Fuck them.
 I got your back.
 Fuck them.
 I got your back.
 Fuck them.
 And that is a flag into the ground for season 20.
 Taking on the wings of death.
 Living to tell the tale.
 No milk.
 No milk.
 No milk.
 No milk the entire time.
 And one sip of water right?
 And once me like three or four.
 But who's counting?
 This camera.
 This camera.
 This camera.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 I have literally nothing going on.
 I have no friends.
 Does anybody want to hang out?
 No.
 Thank you so much for having me.
 Thank you so much.
 Thanks guys.
 You did it.
 That was fun man.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you man.
 You did so good.
 That was so fun.
 This episode is going to be so fucking good.
 Oh good.
 Thank you.
 Thank you man.
 You did so good.
 That was really fun.
 You had a good time?
 Yeah.
 So much fun.
 I love it.
 I love it.
 Like I like pull out one of those pull out one of those um hot hot like how hot can you
 go?
 Yeah.
 Well that's the Carolina Reaper.
 That's that's as high as it goes.
 It's like genetically designed to be that hot.
 What the fuck?
 Hot Ones fans exciting news.
 The season 20 Hot Ones 10 pack is now available.
 If you've ever watched from home and wondered to yourself how hard are the wings really
 or been one of those people that's like oh they're only taking one bite.
 Well you know what if you think you can do better now is the time to put your money where
 your mouth is literally with the Hot Ones season 20 10 pack available exclusively at
 heatness.com that's heatness.com heatness.com heatness.com to get your hands on the season
 20 Hot Ones 10 pack.
 Get them while they're hot.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
 (music ends)
