 Just a disgusting sauce that hurts your mouth and probably your stomach and butthole in just a matter of moments
 Hey, what's going on everybody for first we feast I'm Sean Evans and you're watching hot ones
 It's the show with hot questions even hotter wings and today we're joined by Jason Sudeikis
 You know him from his decade on Saturday night live comedy box office smashes like we're the millers and horrible bosses
 And of course for his role as Ted Lasso on the 11 time Emmy award-winning hit show now in its third season on Apple TV plus
 Jason Sudeikis welcome to the show. Thank you for having me
 How are you around spicy food before we get started if it has like three little jalapenos next to it at a restaurant?
 I'll give it a shot. Oh, you're adventurous. I'll give it a shot. Yeah. Yes. Oh, yeah doesn't mean um
 Especially if I'm not paying
 Well, I got good news for you Jason wings of death on the table and they're on us today
 Are you ready to get started kind of you? Yes. Yes. I am. Yes, sir
 If you can't go for her
 I mean, yeah, yeah straightforward. Mm-hmm classics for a table diner hot sauce. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. There you go
 Yeah, you're eating this you're surrounded by about 50 to 60 television screens
 Very approachable. Mm-hmm. Yeah
 So I likewise grew up in the Midwest playing sports and I can see Ted Lasso and a lot of the baseball and football
 Coaches that I had growing up were you inspired by any coaches in particular or is Ted Lasson more of an amalgamation?
 It's an amalgamation of a bunch of different, you know
 teachers mentors
 You know whether people I actually got to meet or work alongside of or be coached by but then you know certain elements of it
 The look was kind of inspired by Mike Ditka, you know
 Having the shades and the short polyester shorts and the mustache was it was very much Ditka
 Then I had my high school basketball coach fellow named Donnie Campbell, you know
 It would you know do those little turns of phrases like Ted does and you know
 And I always loved those things and he also was the one that really pretty much introduced
 myself and my teammates to John Wooden who was the UCLA basketball coach that that has a bunch of phrases that are more like
 Philosophical than you know pop culture or like quirky and whatnot. But yeah, it's so it's an amalgamation of all all those things
 Does this show your idea so
 Chris Schoenberger who's not here right now. Mm-hmm
 He was the one that was like, well, what if we interviewed celebrities but had to meet increasingly spicy chicken wings over the course
 The interview is a way to break them down. Yeah, and then here we are
 It's become like the cross-eyed bear, you know, like eight seasons later just eating hot sauce eating wings didn't know this would happen
 But here we are. Yeah, I mean that's I
 Think if people know that that's what's gonna happen. They're lying
 Right, right happens. You just want to hope that you're prepared to like deal with
 The good and the bad that comes with something that just hold on to the board and the tidal wave takes over and wherever it goes
 You just try to stay on it. You like water
 Yeah, I mean that was nice too. There we go. That's nothing to worry about here. Nothing to worry about
 You don't get the 21 seasons when there's not a little something to worry about all right, I've watched Jeopardy
 I've seen The Simpsons man. I know what's up
 Yeah, so you hear a lot about influential acting teachers Stanislavski Meisner and the effect that they've had on Hollywood
 But I'm curious what role do you think comedy instructors like Del Close have played in shaping American humor? Oh goodness. I
 Mean unquantifiable. I mean, you know, I mean I was lucky to have Del Close for one year and he was it was very
 You know during my time in Chicago in the late 90s
 And it's not just him
 It's then also the like the I believe it's called like the pyramid of influence like like the people that he influenced that then how
 They influenced and how they influenced because like the Andy Reid coaching tree or something. Yeah, he's that he's that a term
 Yeah, yeah, but yeah, like we're like he was influenced by this coach and this coach like we run this play
 But we run this version of it all that. Yeah, that's exactly what it's because it you know
 Hopefully you get to do enough of it that your influences get rubbed off like sort of get beaten out of you
 So, I mean, I think every dude around, you know my age. I'm 47. I don't know how old you are you 36?
 Yeah, so like probably, you know plus or minus like five years of me like everybody did Jim Carrey at some point
 You know and then at some point it kind of gets you know
 Either beaten out of your weaned out of you and it just becomes part of your spine
 You know this like, you know, I'm probably constantly ripping off Bugs Bunny and not even realizing it
 So yeah, they'll close and Bugs Bunny. Those are the two babies
 For everyone not just me
 Grabby Sharks sounds similar like to go me as well yummy as well
 Leaning that thing. Yeah, man, don't have a lot. I love it. I like half of a half of a turkey sandwich
 Which is actually the way to do it. That's the way to do it
 That's the way to do it. You don't want to overeat and then come into this. Yeah
 I don't want my stomach be all small. I want to have like a little yeah little room a little room and then you know a
 baseline
 Yeah
 So I've heard you say that before you were hired on Saturday Night Live you hated on it as a young comedy lover
 Which is something that I understand
 I think that like you and Bob Odenkirk are like the only people that have heard admit that out loud
 How would I take that? I take pride in that. That's great. I mean Bob. I love that dude
 How would you unpackage that sentiment the metaphorically?
 It feels a little bit like you know
 The girl in school that you have a crush on that you kind of hate on until you realize oh
 That's weird that you feel that way because she was asking about you. It's like really
 What did she have?
 but but
 Because it was just a little bit of that youthful ignorance and arrogance, you know
 I they would never let me play, you know football at Notre Dame
 I'd never get to play basketball at KU but you know, so what you know, how would I ever get to?
 You know do this like work on Saturday Night Live. Oh, yeah, let's hate on it
 And it wasn't so much hating on it. It was like cuz it cuz I had heroes on that show
 I had friends on that show at that time. I had a specific reason why I
 Or that I had tried to articulate why but I think deep down inside it was just you know
 protecting myself from the the possibility of not
 Achieving something that boy boy wouldn't need wouldn't be neat if I did, you know
 Sweet at first Oh
 You just immune to it no
 So I'm no superhero, right, you know, like I feel it all but I think the difference is I don't panic because I've been there
 You know what? I mean? Like a lot of people they come in and this is like the spiciest meal
 they've ever eaten in their lives and then they're doing it in this ridiculous context of like
 Lights and cameras and strangers. Oh wait around, you know, right? Yeah. Yeah, so I feel it
 I feel it it gets uncomfortable sometimes have any of your reactions to this on the show
 Become a meme or a gif. Yeah. Well one time I almost died on my shield on this show here
 Actually with John Bernthal, you know the first wing. Yeah, I take a bite and then I don't know what happened
 But I took like a little breath in like I think he said something made me laugh a little bit and a piece of chicken
 who got lodged like clean in my windpipe and I went to talk and I was like
 like it was like coming out like
 Like oh, yeah, sure sure sure and then I started because I'd never felt anything like that and
 The thought started to go into my head like this will be my legacy, you know
 The chicken wing talk show host that choked on a drumstick
 You know and went out on his shield with John Bernthal sitting across from him
 So that was a moment that I had so when people go through that how'd you get out of it?
 What happened?
 Did you I'm like yourself or what I was about to and then Dom over there was getting concerned started creeping up and I was and
 Then you have that sort of like everyone's like, you know what I mean?
 Like not only am I going out but I'm going out and like this way where everyone's like looking at me and I'm helpless
 I'm trying to explain it to him, but I can't
 so
 But anyways, it just naturally kind of like cleared like by the grace of God or something, you know, it's amazing
 I'm assured that's just the body just take care of the next like two or three wings
 Like I was kind of talking like this though
 That's nice
 Yeah
 So the premise of Ted Lasso naturally invites an interesting reflection on the differences between American and British comedy now
 I know this is kind of a silly exercise, but I am curious
 How do you think a British comedy about an Englishman taking over an NFL franchise?
 How do you think that might be different in tone from what you've created with Ted Lasso? Hmm. Hmm
 hmm, I
 Mean, you know the wardrobe hugely different, you know, they might be in like a nice suit
 They're you know dressed, you know, like if you dress nice I would imagine a huge annoyance at having to speak at the quarter
 And halftime to the press, right?
 When I see the NBA coaches have to lay, you know, like it's a one-quarter. Yeah, like the games going on
 What are you gonna do? What are you gonna surprise these guys with next half?
 Don't they have TNT are they gonna hear this like come on man
 So, I mean there's probably some element of that probably they might they might get a little annoyed with our lack of clever
 Chance. Mm-hmm over here. You see the British coach writing the chance for the
 You know like here go have to do this, but yeah, yeah, those are few ideas, right?
 So I might that all sounds good to me. No. All right
 Jason are you ready to move on here to the back half? Yes. Oh, yeah. Yeah, here we are. Here we are. I
 Know I'm so used to the wings coming in a dozen that this ten is like it's light work
 Yeah, you know these two, you know one one for him and for him, you know
 I
 Does movie Hall pass it was in the mid with me and Owen Wilson, but then also, you know Steve Merchant
 JB smooth there Joe Campbell and we did a scene taking place at a sports bar
 We're eating wings and was my first time of being in like a big studio movie like like lead like like Owen and I are
 On the poster type thing we're going around and when you shoot like all people around the thing you you know
 You have to keep moving the camera
 You have the time and money which they usually do for studio movies and with their hot wings and I just made you know
 And they weren't this hot or not as hot as the one we just have. Yeah. Yeah, it's
 Like as you're just going to us like yeah, just right over that speed but no problem. No, no, it's this happened
 Yeah, we're in real time. Yeah
 Was I saying I'm an actor right? Okay. Here's what I know. So we're we're eating these wings. Mm-hmm
 And I'm eating them while the cameras on like Owen they tell you not to you know
 I know well, but you were they didn't before then I didn't you know, I hadn't done enough to have my method
 And at some point I'm eating them though and and he's just saying God
 Gosh
 So you you'll just put anything in your body, huh? And I'm like, I'm like, oh, yeah
 He goes I'd be so curious what you look like if you actually worked out and took care of yourself
 This one just has a little sign at the bottom I was saying very hot very hot
 But an otherwise kind of like nice and approachable label, yeah, but then the heat on this sauce, mm-hmm
 Now is this one of them? I'd be talking to all of a sudden. I'm gonna be yeah going forward
 That's how it goes, you know, cuz a lot of times I'll see you guys like oh that wasn't that bad
 But then it has that sort of like 30 second time release coming. Yeah, it starts to hit right?
 Yeah, and then it kind of just waves on us right from there. This is great. This is yeah, this is here we go
 This is the fun. Yeah, I mean it's been enjoyable speaking with you
 But now this is the really feel it doesn't feel it that's why you know, that's why you tune in yeah
 So I put the pay-per-view paywall up right here for this moment right here
 So early in your career, I know that was a dream of yours to join the blue man group auditioning at least three different times
 What's the process like for turning yourself blue?
 Like how long does it take and then do you remember the initial reaction your first reaction upon seeing yourself in the mirror for the first?
 Time. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean the process I only got to get bald and blue
 They say one time now here's the thing that I didn't realize is that all these guys had different faces than me
 They all were like great looking like cheekbones like
 Full set of choppers. They're not like like it just looks different
 And then when you are all one color if you don't have those things to hang that paint on
 you look like I did which I
 Sincerely mean this and I like I look like a blue peanut M&M
 It was just it was like it was like that's not a face in there anymore
 It's like eyes and some little tiny teeth, but there's no I can't see it. I can't see a hint of cheekbones
 I don't know what the hell is going on there and I did not look like my cool ass
 Buddies, you know, I was like, oh no
 And then you know the drumming just with the intensity of being in the thing and all that my chops weren't strong enough
 So it's like I went in there and I remember just like flop sweating, you know
 And then your flop so I'm gonna blue in the blue
 Yeah, the blue and it's just and you know, just a blue M&M just you know getting rinsed with a garden hose
 Yeah real real tears of a clown. Oh indeed. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah a blue clown no less. Oh, well
 I'm here now. Well speaking of crying. Yes. This next sauce is the bomb beyond insanity
 Yeah, is this where's this from? Yes, Kansas City, baby. That's right. That's how I know
 You know, yeah. Yeah. Yeah
 That's just a cough that's not a pre-emptive cough. Yeah, it's clearing it out
 Preparing it. All right. Here we go. Let's go Casey Kansas City, Kansas PS. Mm-hmm decide on from you know
 For those that care for that distinction
 Yeah, what the hell yeah, oh
 Lord
 Yeah, man, and there's two more after there's two more I'm just reminding you. Yeah
 Okay, yeah different level altogether let's talk about our feelings yeah, let's do it let's do it
 Yeah, man, that's crazy. I know this is like this one I already talked about but yeah, it really is
 It's a it lives up to the you know to the legend. Yes, it does
 Okay, so on the topic of Kansas City, I actually got to participate my first ever big slick class
 Oh you did I did I did you were filming of course in
 London the charity event that you guys do every year to benefit Children's Mercy Hospital. Yes, and
 Let me tell you what you missed out on
 All right, please because at the end there's this buffet the sprawling buffet of pulled pork and burnt ends
 I know and spare ribs from all these different from all of the different places
 Yeah, Kansas City Barbara maze in the way the city, you know surrounds us and supports it
 Yeah, how would you describe your ideal Kansas City barbecue crawl? Oh
 Me it's hard man. It's a it's like I want I want I want burnt ends, you know from
 Say gates, I'll take I'll take you know pulled pork from Kansas City Joe's
 I'll take you know any of the sides from Jack Stack. I'll do you know
 Q 39 for
 Well
 Turkey and then I'll do my brisket from Arthur Brian. There you go. And then the sauce that you just ate
 It's from Kansas City after trying it. Would you consider that like a point of pride or an abomination?
 I think it's absolutely point of pride. There we go. I mean I
 was pretty sure it was but I didn't look before we started but
 Absolute point of pride, you know, it's a great name. It's a frightening bottle
 The nuclear warhead on and a disgusting sauce, but you know, I disgusting sauce that hurts your mouth
 And probably your stomach and butthole in just a matter of moments
 Now this one a watermelon ghost like this sounds nice
 Get the watermelon rough back. Yeah strange hot sauce this one. I gotta say no
 No, there's another one those little signs out the bottom so the extreme heat
 Is all this stuff to look at and read then down there extreme heat. Yeah, I know but then they kind of lead with the watermelon
 You know, there's a lot of mixed message. Yeah with extremely hot hot sauce, you know
 Some of it sometimes they don't really like tell you like they don't reach out and scream to you like this is super fucking hot
 Yeah, they don't put a nuclear warhead
 Just only the ones with integrity, you know, I am who I claim to be
 All right
 Kind of fishing here, but do you have a favorite Norm Macdonald story? Those are up there with like Michael Jordan lore
 I just can't get enough I do
 And I know he's told this story before and I think Seth has told this story
 But this is but this happened to me in real time where we then go to I was staying at a hotel
 He's like hey you hungry. I was like, yeah, I go I'm staying at the Sunset Tower. He goes. Oh, yeah, great
 Yeah, we're gonna go. You know, I have some breakfast. It was like, you know, 11 a.m. Or so. So I was like, absolutely
 So we're sitting there. We're just talking about whatnot
 And he comes he's like hey, I am
 You know, I was that show my son, you know some of my old stuff, you know
 I was on Saturday night live there and I was like, yeah. Yeah, I know he goes, you know
 Like I was doing the news thing like yeah, and he goes remember one point show to my kid and
 He goes oh dad you uh
 You do your jokes just like set and I was like, oh no, my son doesn't know how time works
 And I was just like sitting there like
 Like did he just come up with that? Was this all a ruse?
 I was doing Seth's show right after norm had passed and two days before I got there Seth told that story
 So he had you know norm had then shared that story with multiple people at that point
 Whether it was rift or not or told or set up and just a you know for that punchline to knock me out the way
 It did was one of those things about him that I just loved he was just always
 He always wanted to make you laugh
 But he but he but not work too hard while doing it and say it's such a badass way to go about doing it
 And and in being that way he just he continues you he's one of those guys you can just watch forever
 Just you know, you can't help but wishing you kind of talk like him, you know
 Here we are. All right, you gotta shake this one. You gotta shake it
 What happens if you don't?
 You know what? That's a good question. I have no idea
 How much did you put on I actually did a good dab usually I end up accidentally just dumping it like crazy
 There you go. Good job
 All right. Cheers Jason. Cheers. All right
 It had a hair on it, but the dab disintegrated
 I mean I came right after that dab - I don't know what the hell I'm thinking, you know, I put it right on my tongue
 Same with me. What I
 Took it head-on. Yep
 Because that's what it's about
 Meeting the moment, you know, I feel like this whole thing would've been easier. We did it with our eyes closed
 You ever done one of these in the dark? No, but that actually you know now the mind is turning, you know
 sensory deprivation
 Hot ones kind of episode absolutely or upside down
 Zero gravity hot ones. What we need to be doing
 My season 22. Yeah, but I love the rewrite table. I love the
 No, I do bad
 Expensive they're more expensive. It does increase the value of the program
 cost
 So when we had David Blaine on the show
 He talked about how he'll often mess up a trick right while it's happening
 Yeah
 But that he can usually fix it on the fly because he knows where the trick ends up
 Yeah, and the audience is usually none the wiser. Yes. All right, so as a lifelong magic hobbyist yourself
 I'm curious
 Do you see any sort of connection or similarity between magicians and improv performers and then follow up?
 I brought a deck of cards. I'm not gonna ask you to do a card trick
 But I am curious if you can do one of your like showman pops
 Uh-huh with your fingertips and brain soaked in hot sauce, you know
 There's an added degree of difficulty here see it
 It's funny cuz when you open this it did make me feel like oh, this is like you what a magician, you know
 Card in person does, you know, they'll be like hey brand new deck. Yeah, so, you know, I say man
 I know you can buy those stickers
 As far as this stuff, you know, there are folks that can do
 Far greater stuff than me
 I can do a couple like a couple a couple of things
 But I think the thing you're talking about I'm springing it up
 And so I think I've done this in a handful of movies and whatnot
 Yeah, and then you just sit there and yeah, and that's that I mean, yeah, you do want to any cut stuff like that
 Wow, but but that's the one thing man
 People have magicians ice in their veins like to have to like do something perform something like athletes
 Magicians man, that's a different breed to what to want to do that to be able to do that big ups Jason Sudeikis
 Taken on the wings of death indeed
 Look at you ten toes in the sand taking on the wings of death going back to Kansas City. Come on
 How to get the bird? Yeah. Oh my gosh, duh bum
 Bum, what a way to go out. All right. That's another magic trick right there Jason Sudeikis
 Can't feel anything and with that it's all done. It's all done roll credit
 This camera this camera or this camera. Let the people know what you have going on in your life
 Yeah, I'm just dealing with the with
 The hubris of going back to the mom
 I mean, it's a little hometown pride, but then also a nice chunk of hubris - shouldn't have done that
 Don't know why I did that could have left on a make. Oh, well, but yeah, that's that's about it
 You know, we got we got yeah
 Right
 It's great man and your questions are so I mean I knew that going in and that's part of the reason I think people you get
 such a
 You know such a wide breath and you know punch above our weight class. Yeah, sure. Absolutely
 But it's like just very thoughtful questions and playful. Thank you. Thank you. But yeah, I mean, it's great. It's such a it's I'm
 Always like the the I think it does come from starting an improv like where it was all suggestion based
 You know like he was in a way where it's all about getting out of the pickle that they put you
 It's not just like take one suggestion then make art. Yeah, it's kind of people trying to like get in your way
 But you know what they couldn't get in your way they couldn't get in your way. No, I mean that last one did
 I'm telling it was stupid
 Hey, what's going on hot ones fans
 This is Sean Evans if you've ever watched hot ones and wonder to yourself how hot are those sauces really?
 I can get through that with no water or milk
 Well now is the time to put your money where your mouth is the hot ones
 Season 21 lineup is now available in its entirety at heatness comm heatness comm that's heatness comm to get your hands on the season
 21 hot ones hot sauce lineup milk not included be careful around the eyes and get them while they're hot
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
