 (dramatic music)
 - How you feeling?
 - I feel really good.
 (laughs)
 - I can see it.
 - I've never been happier.
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First Sweet Feast, I'm Sean Evans,
 and you're watching Hot Horns.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Jenna Ortega.
 She's a Golden Globe nominated actor you know
 from acclaimed films like X and The Fall Out,
 as well as the massive global Netflix hit Wednesday.
 She also stars in Scream 6, the latest chapter
 in the iconic slasher franchise,
 which is set to release in theaters on March 10th.
 Jenna Ortega, welcome to the show.
 - Thank you for having me.
 - I know that you're a big fan of hot sauce.
 How confident are you going into today's interview?
 - I'm feeling pretty confident, honestly.
 I haven't been nervous at all.
 It's only been within the last 30 minutes
 that my friends that are with me today
 have kind of been amping me up and I've realized,
 oh, this might be a situation that I'm not prepared for.
 But typically I can handle my stuff, so I'm curious.
 (dramatic music)
 Yeah, I am.
 All right. - All right.
 (dramatic music)
 - Sweet. - Mm-hmm.
 - Little baby.
 Baby wing.
 I do have to tell you too, my,
 the gift for my, my father's Christmas gift
 was the hot sauces. - Oh.
 - I pledge not to do any of them
 'cause I thought if I ever go on the show,
 I cannot do it or whatever.
 But I feel like, I feel like they've,
 I come from a strong family.
 They've got strong taste buds I think will be good.
 - So you return for your roles,
 Tara Carpenter in Scream 6.
 A franchise I've really come to appreciate
 for its meta commentary on the genre
 where each film becomes like its own love letter
 to classic horror movies of the past.
 What are the hallmarks of a good chase scene for you?
 Like when they work on film, what makes them work?
 - Ooh, for a good chase scene, it's really difficult.
 I feel like you have to have like a,
 you've gotta, you gotta have a good course.
 You know, like the amount of rooms that you run through.
 I think a good handheld shot is also really necessary
 for a good chase scene because it makes it feel
 a lot more chaotic and a bit more first person view.
 I feel like it's a bit more intense for the audience.
 But at least a couple of injuries,
 a couple of stabs here and there.
 And I also think a really powerful shot
 and one of my favorite things to see in horror films
 is when you can see your heroine, your main character,
 and then you could see the other villain
 kind of in the background.
 I feel like anything where it's like
 either they're not aware that they're there
 or you get to see the reaction
 and the mayhem going on behind them.
 I think that that's always a strong choice.
 - Hi.
 (dramatic music)
 - It's too easy.
 - There we go.
 - I don't wanna get too confident, but at the same time.
 - You gotta gas yourself up as you go, you know?
 - Well, I feel like around six
 is when people start getting weird.
 - Right, so you just enjoy this time while you got it.
 - Yeah.
 - So you've gushed about your experience
 working with the master of Gothic fantasy in Tim Burton.
 How did you see his obsession with aesthetic
 come through in the way that he directs?
 - First of all, he draws a lot of his shots.
 So there were some days where I'd come into work
 and he would have his own little picture
 that he drew of me playing the cello
 or me fencing him to say, "This is what you're shooting."
 You'd go, "Got it."
 Or even on the first day when they were trying to
 establish what my hair was gonna look like,
 we ran two hours behind because,
 no, her braids are uneven.
 This one's lower, this one's higher.
 He didn't like the way that my fringe looked at the time,
 so he was just, "Hey, do you mind if I do that?"
 He asked the hairdresser very politely
 and just kind of did my hair himself.
 It would be like four in the morning
 in some random Romanian forest,
 and, "Oh, where's Tim?"
 And he's carrying two trees,
 throwing them in the back of the shot
 so that they land exactly where he wanted them to.
 He was very specific and happy to do it himself,
 but also a really great communicator and collaborator.
 - Did you come out of the other side of the deep dive
 into his catalog with a favorite Tim Burton production?
 - I mean, I feel like "Beetlejuice" is a staple.
 - Classic.
 - Yeah, I've always appreciated "Beetlejuice,"
 but I also, when I was younger,
 I wanted to be one of the aliens from "Mars Attacks" so bad,
 but not the Lisa Marie one, the one with the exposed braid.
 That, he's got Jack Nicholson, Glenn Close in there.
 Like, it's an incredible movie.
 I feel like people don't give it the credit it deserves.
 - Wildly underrated movie, wildly underrated movie.
 All right, so far, two wings down.
 Are you ready to move on here to sauce number three?
 - 100%.
 - Donas Cadejo here.
 - Hi. - Three spot.
 - Smooth sailing.
 That one has more flavor, though.
 Is this psychological as well?
 Are you gonna feed stuff in my head so that it...
 - You know what?
 I do a lot of armchair psychology
 from this side of the table.
 - Yeah, yeah, we're a lot of like, it's gonna be okay.
 I do a lot of, like, I'm a little bit of like,
 psychologist and like a little bit
 of a motivational speaker, I feel.
 That's my role from over here, I think.
 - Good to know.
 (laughing)
 - And then I understand that your "Scream" co-star,
 David Arquette, is actually a certified
 Bob Ross painting instructor
 and will sometimes give lessons on set.
 Did you ever have the pleasure
 of taking one of those art classes?
 - I think I was actually working when people took that class,
 which is one of my greatest, I think, I don't...
 There's very few times where I felt completely defeated,
 and that is one of them.
 He is like a little angel of a person.
 I can't believe he's real, but yeah,
 he gave the entire cast Bob Ross lessons.
 So we would walk into our collective green room
 and there would just be beautiful paintings everywhere.
 But he also had a red tricycle
 that he gave us all the code to
 so that if we wanted to get our groceries,
 oh, let's just take Dave's tricycle.
 He was always hanging out,
 always trying to update himself on K-pop
 'cause we had a band member who really loved K-pop.
 It was, he's an unbelievable man.
 - Every set needs a David Arquette, you know?
 - Agreed.
 It would make things so much better.
 Like, there would be no world peace, 100%.
 All right.
 - That one's actually good.
 - You like that one?
 - That's an enjoyable sauce.
 Oh, you guys made that?
 - Yeah, I was gonna say, we'll take that.
 We'll take that, Jenna, all day long.
 - Not trying to blow smoke here.
 - So I've had some interesting conversations
 with actors in the past, from Tom Holland to Colin Farrell,
 about the challenges of working from behind a mask.
 What new tools did you have to develop
 in playing a character like Wednesday
 whose whole vibe is to be emotionless?
 - When you're gonna be the lead of a story,
 you have to have some sort of emotional arc,
 some sort of emotional payoff,
 and Wednesday doesn't actually have that.
 And I think that fighting the nostalgia
 that everybody feels for the '60s Wednesday
 and '90s Wednesday while also feeding into that,
 but also giving a new take and making it your own
 to a new generation so that they're introduced
 to the character was like a real balancing act.
 So I found that as long as I studied the old material
 and took traits and aspects that I knew I could easily weave
 into my own iteration, it felt like a good, happy medium.
 - All right, Jenna, you're doing great.
 This next sauce, halfway mark already, by the way.
 - Very nice.
 - This is Brooklyn deli with a ghost pepper sauce.
 - I'm really trying to take it in.
 - So I think it's the first kind of jump.
 - I see where we're going.
 I see where we're going.
 (laughing)
 Interesting.
 - It has some redeeming culinary qualities,
 but as you say that, I'm even seeing,
 I'm starting to tear up a little bit, you know?
 - Should I follow you as well?
 (laughing)
 We'll be like emotional support.
 - Yeah, yeah, listen, I'm gonna lean a little bit on you.
 - Okay. - Okay, Jenna?
 You know, we can't all.
 - That's what I'm here for.
 - There we go.
 I can tell I'm in good hands.
 I can tell I'm in good hands.
 So in a New York Times interview last year,
 you talked about not being able to care for a houseplant,
 but spoke very reverently about protecting
 your 1897 edition of Ralph Waldo Emerson essays.
 What for you is the magic in collecting books?
 - I typically, I don't write a lot of screenplays,
 but I do like to write a lot of essays.
 I am a bit of an insomniac.
 I can't really sleep, so I just stay up all night
 and I write random things that, you know,
 I take a certain thought or idea
 and I just kind of elaborate it on my own.
 And someone like Emerson, a lot of his work is essays.
 So I feel like the more that I read
 and kind of see the tangents that he goes on
 or the little debates that he has with himself
 kind of encourage me to do that.
 But books are, books are incredible.
 I wish that people would read them more.
 I don't want to read them on an iPad.
 We need real substance.
 Like go outside and read a book.
 - Is there a Gen Z trope or stereotype about teenagers
 that you see in scripts or on TV that gets under your skin?
 - I think for me, because I also, I look a bit younger.
 I've been acting for a little over a decade now.
 So I've just been a teenager pretty much in stories.
 And I feel like it's always the bratty teen, bad mouth teen,
 or a lot of times unintelligent,
 which I don't think is true.
 And I think it's hard to nowadays
 with all this new lingo coming around,
 but I feel like my generation,
 because there is so much accessible to them on the internet,
 there's just more opportunities for them to learn.
 I wish that they were given a bit more credit.
 We can be smart sometimes.
 I'm so excited.
 All right.
 It actually tastes like mushrooms.
 - Yeah, it's got some portobello action in there.
 - Whoa.
 - Good for them.
 - So I was fascinated to read that thing wasn't CGI'd,
 but rather played by Romanian magician, Victor Dorobantu.
 - Yeah.
 - What was the most creative or memorable way
 that you saw him tap into the creative depth
 of that character using only his hand?
 - Oh, it actually was that thing operating room scene
 where they weren't on him,
 but they were shooting my coverage
 and it's the first and only time Wednesday cries.
 And I went to reach my hand out to him and he pet my hand.
 Like, he was comforting me.
 And I actually started crying.
 Like I restarted the line because it actually made me sad.
 And we just laughed.
 And that was a real bonding moment for Victor and I,
 but kudos to him,
 'cause they had him in all kinds of crazy positions.
 - Yeah, he's in a whole chroma key suit
 that they edit out later.
 So that's what you think.
 You think the hands is there,
 but he's physically there acting with you that whole time.
 - Yeah, there's a blue man in the entire show
 and they took him out.
 But he, I remember they would build
 all these set pieces for him.
 So they did like a wild desk.
 So he was sitting crunched in a desk
 or they built holes in the floor.
 But yeah, that was a real task, I would say.
 And he killed it.
 Yeah, I'm feeling all right.
 All right.
 (dramatic music)
 Got it.
 Mm. - Yeah.
 - Good flavor.
 - So you called the horror genre your second home
 and then once joked,
 "I don't know what it is about my face,
 "but people always wanna throw blood on it."
 When did you know that you like to scare people?
 - Well, I know when I was younger,
 when people would like jump out behind walls
 or something like that, I'm salivating a little.
 - Yeah.
 - When people would jump out from behind walls
 or something like that, I never moved, I never flinched
 and people would tell me that I had no soul.
 So I felt like trying to get them back
 was kind of the start of it all.
 I would say from a very early age.
 - What makes the '80s slasher prom night to you
 a gold standard of the genre?
 - Oh my God, it's got all the classic teenage tropes.
 It's got incredible gore.
 I feel like there's just so many staples
 that it's inspired so many horror films to come since then.
 It's just the proper way to do a slasher.
 Like if you ever needed some sort of guiding light,
 I think prom night is a really, really great, great one.
 - And then can you explain the process
 of what goes into putting together prosthetics like this?
 - Yeah, you go and you get green slime
 put all over your body.
 So you sit in a room for about 30 minutes
 and they create a cast, like this rubber cast,
 and then they send it to some lab,
 they make a mold of your face,
 and then they just make a bunch of skin grafts,
 these fake skin grafts.
 Something like that takes about four hours to put on.
 They might add some glycerin or water,
 and then you're pretty much good to go.
 But that will not move.
 You're good.
 As long as you don't do something crazy, you're all right.
 - All right, Jenna, it is that time.
 This is the bomb beyond insanity.
 - I'll take a healthy bite as well,
 'cause I need the actual experience.
 (dramatic music)
 It's a bit aggressive.
 Ah.
 I think it may have been right to be scared.
 - But look at you just smiling right in the face of it,
 you know?
 - Can you see my white knuckles?
 - There you go.
 I can see it.
 And I might start hiccuping.
 I can already kind of feel it.
 - Okay.
 - I'm just giving you fear warning.
 What's the secret to a perfect guacamole in your opinion?
 - Whole lot of lime.
 You need so much lime in there.
 And jalapenos.
 Just choose good avocados.
 But lime.
 - Yeah.
 - Lime is the answer.
 I hate it when they throw pico de gallo just on top,
 like very casually, just a couple of tomatoes.
 It doesn't do anything for me.
 Either fully submerge it, really mix it in there.
 Do it the right way.
 If I don't see any cilantro in there,
 disappointing instantly.
 And yeah, if the avocados are too white,
 'cause then you know that it's gonna be hard
 and they're just not ready.
 Don't rush them.
 - And then in 2015, the New York Times published
 a controversial guacamole recipe,
 where they called for a ratio of two thirds cup
 of fresh green peas to every three avocados.
 - Fuck that.
 (laughing)
 That's not even controversial.
 That's obviously incorrect.
 - You know, if ever I had an episode to lean on somebody,
 I'm happy it's this episode, 'cause I'm going through it.
 - I'm so sorry.
 If there's anything you need from me.
 - Yeah.
 - Yes.
 It's settling.
 - Yeah.
 - And just in time to move on to the next wing.
 This number nine wing is taco vibes only.
 I have the strength if you have the strength.
 - I have the strength.
 - This is me leaning Jenna, all right.
 - All right.
 Yeah.
 I'm okay.
 - I still really feel just really vulnerable from the bomb.
 - Yeah.
 Never leaves you, you know.
 You're forever changed after something like that.
 - I think so.
 - Can you give us one highlight and one low light
 from your most recent Paris Fashion Week?
 - Ooh.
 I used to be a really big fan of Steve Blasey
 when I was younger and still am.
 And he was there.
 I got to meet Gaspar Naud,
 who is like an incredible filmmaker
 and I've really admired for a really long time.
 I feel like I was just around
 like a really influential group of people.
 And yeah, I felt very lucky.
 A low light.
 Oh, I think I've never been up on the Eiffel Tower
 and I tried to do that and then they told me no.
 - You got rejected at the Eiffel Tower.
 - Yeah.
 And I walked up the stairs, I did the whole thing.
 And then I was like, okay, let me get to the next level.
 And then they ushered us to like the elevator going down
 where like, just leave.
 It's just, maybe it just wasn't a good day.
 I don't know what they went through.
 All right, Jenna Ortega.
 - All right.
 Beautiful bottle.
 Oh, I should shake it too, right?
 I feel ready.
 Oh, that's good enough.
 - That's a good enough.
 That's very good enough.
 Cheers, what a run.
 - All right, cheers.
 - Cheers.
 - That's delicious.
 That's actually like really good.
 - Jenna.
 - I've got the craziest thing on right now.
 - Right back at ya.
 Right back at ya.
 And look at us taking on the hot ones gauntlet,
 living to tell the tale.
 Just one more challenge for you.
 And don't worry, I'm not gonna bring out any more wings.
 But I was fascinated to learn that one of the ways
 that you unlocked the Wednesday character
 was when you did a take without blinking.
 And then Tim Burton liked it so much, he said,
 hey, let's do every take without blinking.
 So to close things out, what I wanna do
 is a Stanley Kubrick style stare down, staring contest,
 you versus me to see who buckles first
 against this mounting pressure of the hot sauce
 and these bright studio lights.
 Are you ready?
 - Okay, wait, let me, I'm gonna really stress myself out.
 - All right, then I'm gonna follow you right along with it.
 - That makes it harder.
 - There we go.
 Degree of difficulty, getting cranked.
 - I don't know if I should have done that.
 Okay.
 - All right, you start it, okay?
 - I'm gonna keep, Jenna.
 (dramatic music)
 - I'm already crying.
 - There you go, I never stood a chance.
 - I'm so glad you didn't make that awkward at the end
 'cause that could have been like a weird way to close it.
 (laughing)
 I thought it was gonna go on for too long, I was like.
 - You know what, I was running out of gas,
 but I was really determined.
 You know, I could see, I was reaching the point right there,
 but I never stood a chance.
 I never stood a chance, Jenna.
 - I got a tear going down my face.
 - And look at you, taking on the wings of death,
 living to tell the tale, and now there's nothing left to do.
 We're rolling out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Next up, sixth installment of the Scream franchise
 is coming out March 10th, I believe.
 And if you wanna go check that out in theaters,
 you could do that.
 And then also, yeah, Wednesday is now streaming
 on Netflix, so.
 If you want, if you don't want, that's up to you.
 (clapping)
 That makes me so happy.
 Like, what a great environment.
 So awesome.
 That was so cool, that was the coolest thing.
 (breathing heavily)
 - I had a really good time.
 - Hot Ones fans, breaking news.
 The three in one Boneless Bites Challenge is back.
 For a limited time, you can put your taste buds
 to the test against some of our most iconic flavors.
 The classic, Los Calientes, and the peak of heat, Apollo.
 But don't fret Hot Ones fans.
 Even when the three in one challenge
 leaves the freezer aisle, you can still pick up your
 favorite flavor of Hot Ones, Boneless Bites.
 Visit Hot OnesChallenge.com for more information
 on products and to find a store near you
 because it's time to bring the heat home.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
