 I'm just gonna do one like circle.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Woo!
 - Hit a lap, hit a lap.
 - Go, my lordy!
 All right, come on, let's go, let's get it.
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on, everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans,
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Jon Bernthal.
 He's an actor you know from films like Fury
 and Ford vs. Ferrari to mega hit TV shows
 like The Punisher and The Walking Dead,
 as well as award-winning plays like Small Engine Repair,
 which he now stars in again as a film adaptation.
 You can also catch him in the much buzzed about King Richard,
 which tells the story of tennis superstars
 Venus and Serena Williams,
 and their father/coach Richard Williams
 set to release on November 19th.
 Jon Bernthal, you've been a very busy guy.
 Thanks for taking the time for Hot Ones
 and welcome to the show.
 - Thank you, man.
 I really appreciate you having me, man.
 I'm excited to be here.
 - Before we dig in, how are you around the spicy stuff?
 - But you know, it is not my bag, man.
 It is not, I'm being completely honest.
 So I'm a little bit nervous.
 I come with reverence, respect, and humility,
 but I'm intent on conquering today.
 I hope I don't have to swallow those words,
 but I will swallow these wings.
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 - That's delicious.
 Man, man.
 I saw Matt Damon eat like the whole wing.
 I have a lot of respect for that.
 I'm not gonna spike it like he does, but very good.
 (dramatic music)
 - Whoa.
 That's good.
 - You all right?
 - Whoa.
 Holy shit.
 Give me just a second.
 - Take your time, man.
 - Yeah.
 That was new.
 Yeah, yeah, I'm good.
 Yeah, yeah, one sec.
 Just caught like a, in the windpipe.
 All right, I'm back.
 - Yes, sir.
 - So one of the many highly anticipated projects
 you have on the way is "King Richard,"
 which recently premiered at Telluride,
 and in it, you play William's sister's tennis coach,
 Rick Macy.
 And as an athlete, I know it incenses you.
 When movies feature actors
 who've clearly never thrown a ball before,
 what was your preparation like for this film
 in order to avoid similar admonishment from tennis fans?
 - Yeah, it's the same way as if you're training with weapons
 or with, like, you have to have that stuff on point.
 And yeah, man, like being a baseball player,
 I played football, I was a boxer.
 You know, when you see those things not working,
 you've gotta make it so the experts look,
 and they say, okay, they did their job.
 I buy that.
 That's what you're going for.
 So, you know, I trained.
 I got really lucky.
 In my hometown of Ojai, California,
 there's a tennis academy, great tennis academy right there.
 And so I trained with those guys.
 When you have like five or six coaches
 that your entire day is devoted to learning something,
 it's really one of the things about this profession
 I'm most grateful for.
 And I have a little brother who,
 he was an All-American at football and basketball.
 He went and played, you know, D1 college sports.
 And he kind of has been whooping my ass at every,
 I can whoop his ass in a fight,
 but he can whoop me at every,
 he's killed me at tennis before,
 but now I got his number.
 So yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I'm excited about that.
 (gentle music)
 Oh, that's so good.
 Man, you taste that vinegar.
 - So you star in the new independent film,
 "Small Engine Repair," a passion project
 of you and director John Polono,
 which started off as a small play
 in a tiny theater of 40 people in Los Angeles.
 What is it that you find sacred or most exciting
 about late night theater productions?
 Like what was special to you about the 10 30 PM show
 at the Rogue Machine Theater?
 - Oh man, that's a great question.
 I, so, you know, theater is, it's, it's,
 there's nowhere to hide.
 You know, it's, it's, you get this,
 this, this, this period of time where it's just rehearsal,
 where you can just go and you can fall flat on your face
 and you can push each other and scare each other
 and challenge each other.
 That play started in the most humble way
 and was really beautiful about that play in particular
 is a lot of my buddies who are, who are cops
 and firefighters and, and you know, pro fighters,
 they were coming with sort of the LA theater audience.
 And it was, it was, it was this opportunity,
 everybody kind of dug it in their own way.
 And it was a real sort of melding of, of folks.
 And we knew we were kind of onto something special.
 And yeah, it was, it was, it was a beautiful time in my life
 and, and, and meeting John, you know, he's, he's,
 he's one of my best friends.
 I'm just, I'm super grateful for it.
 - What role did the venue Cafe Lina
 in Saratoga Springs, New York have as a venue
 and building your confidence as an actor?
 - How do you know about Cafe Lina, man?
 Holy moly, guacamole, dude, I cannot.
 So Cafe Lina is everything, man.
 That's my heart, man.
 So Cafe Lina, it's the first coffee shop
 in upstate New York, Bob Dylan played.
 Had a teeny little black box theater in the back.
 And you know, my first theater company is run by
 this beautiful artist named Josh Chambers.
 We just lost him a couple of months ago.
 He was one of these guys that I just,
 he like burned too bright for this world, man.
 Real genius.
 And I started doing these plays in the black box
 of Cafe Lina, you know, where we'd have sometimes
 more people on stage than in the audience
 and doing the most outlandish, insane,
 experimental theater Cafe Lina.
 What a sacred special spot, man.
 And above a place called Hattie's,
 which is one of the best fried chicken restaurants
 in the world.
 And I could never afford it when I was an actor there,
 but I would love smelling it.
 You know what I mean?
 Yeah, just smelling that fried chicken, man.
 Yeah.
 (gentle music)
 Hmm.
 That's great.
 I would definitely, I would definitely use,
 any of these so far, I would love to use these.
 So far.
 We'll see if that goes.
 Yeah, I'll see if that goes.
 (laughing)
 Wait on, man.
 The Punisher features some of the most brutal,
 extraordinary fight scenes ever on TV.
 What are the hallmarks of a good action sequence to you?
 Like from an actor's perspective,
 what separates a good fight scene from a mediocre one?
 I really want to be with the characters.
 I really, I don't want it to be one note.
 I want to see when they feel, when there's fear.
 I love that.
 When they feel like maybe someone's getting
 the better hand, desperation.
 I think there's potential for like real comedy.
 But I think like at the end of the day,
 what everybody's really craving in those scenes
 is that you buy it, that you buy it.
 So it's the physicality of both delivering
 and selling the blows.
 Or if you're playing somebody who doesn't have
 those kinds of skills, you just gotta play
 the emotionality of it.
 You gotta kind of meld all those things together.
 And there's nothing I like better than dancing
 with the stunt guys.
 When you get a group of guys that trust you
 and that you trust, you can take it to a higher
 and higher level and turn it up.
 And it's, I love it, man.
 I love it.
 I'm so grateful to be kind of welcomed into that community
 and my friends in that community, I really care about.
 - Sweet, huh?
 That's good.
 Do you eat the whole wing?
 - I kind of mirror the guest, you know?
 So I don't wanna be like, you know,
 if a guest is just taking a bite,
 I don't wanna just be like cleaning wings.
 I don't want it to be like I'm showing off
 on my show or something.
 - Yeah, but you're the champ.
 And I mean, I do think, like I dug out with Matt,
 you know, he was like eating the whole time.
 Like he was really doing it.
 - Yeah.
 - Like I did promise Dom, like I was not gonna take
 baby boy bites.
 Like I'm really gonna try to get it.
 I know it's easy to say on this half of the tray.
 You know what I mean?
 I'm not gonna be, you know, cocky or nothing,
 but I'm gonna try to eat.
 You know what I mean?
 - Then I'm right with you.
 Then I'm right with you.
 - Right on.
 - So Elizabeth Olsen, who we had on the show last season,
 likewise went to the Moscow Art Theater School.
 And I was really fascinated to learn about her time there,
 in particular getting a crash course in FitzMorris work.
 Thinking back on that time, what's an acting exercise
 that you remember being an enlightening,
 eye-opening experience for an actor?
 And can you give me another one
 that was just plain bizarre?
 - A cool exercise that I always think about,
 you know, they're constantly training your attention
 and your concentration, right?
 So one thing that they would do
 is they would give you a newspaper, right?
 Completely mundane article.
 And you would have to read the first paragraph
 of that article.
 And you would just sit in front of the class reading it.
 And while that was happening,
 people would ask you questions.
 What'd you have for breakfast today?
 Somebody else would say, what color are your socks?
 And you would have to answer each one of those questions
 while you were reading the article.
 At the same time,
 (coughing)
 I'm good.
 (laughing)
 So good.
 While you're answering those questions
 and reading the article,
 the teacher would snap, cough, and clap.
 When it was over, everyone in the class,
 he would just point at people at random,
 and you, you would have to say,
 how many times did I clap?
 How many times did I cough?
 Who asked you this question?
 What was the answer?
 And everyone had to know those answers.
 And then you would have to recite the monologue.
 The Russian theater is really all about ensemble building,
 about how do we strengthen this team?
 How do we all work together?
 And the movies and the projects that I've been in
 that I loved and that I think have been successful
 have all been celebrations of that.
 I will say, I took a clowning class,
 and the first exercise was to come in
 and make everyone laugh,
 but you couldn't use any words.
 And everybody was failing miserably.
 Nobody could do it.
 So I put on my girlfriend's sweatpants.
 She had these tight ass gray sweatpants.
 And I got in front of the class.
 You couldn't use any words.
 You had to make everybody laugh, and you had two minutes.
 It was just, people failed miserably.
 So I stood there, and I started acting like I had to go
 to the bathroom really bad.
 And I was like, eh, you know, I got,
 and then I just pissed myself in front of the class.
 You know what I mean?
 And everybody did laugh.
 You know, but like, why the fuck did I,
 you know, then I had to sit there with like,
 you know what I mean, it was totally,
 so I think it wasn't a bad exercise,
 but I handled it in a stupid way.
 (laughing)
 You know what I mean?
 Yeah.
 (upbeat music)
 Scorpion peppers, huh?
 Where's this from?
 It's from Pennsylvania.
 Wow.
 A little bit of a step up.
 Yeah, I can see that.
 Mm-hmm.
 All right, John, we have a recurring segment
 on our show called Explain That, Graham,
 where we do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So we'll pull up the picture over here on the monitor.
 Cool.
 You just tell us the bigger story.
 Yes, sir.
 And then I know that you're passionate
 about shutting down fighting kennels
 and rescuing pit bulls like Bam Bam over here.
 Yeah, a little Bam Bam.
 Do you have any words of wisdom
 for people who may have rescued during the pandemic,
 but don't really know what they're doing?
 Listen, look, I think like the pit bull,
 like the breed-specific legislation is completely bonkers.
 I think, you know, the breed of your dog
 does not make that dog any more
 or less likely to be aggressive.
 What comes hand in hand with it
 is you do have a responsibility to train your dog.
 My dogs are on set with me.
 They come with me everywhere.
 I don't need leashes or collars.
 My dogs don't scare people.
 They're great around kids.
 They're upstanding members of the community.
 There's nothing like going to a dog park
 and seeing a dog that's fighting other dogs.
 And then the human being is like holding that dog
 after the fight, petting it and saying,
 "Don't do that.
 That's a really, really,
 but like, what do you think that dog is?"
 You know, you're telling that dog to go do it again.
 You gotta be clear with the animals.
 So that's kind of the advice that I would give.
 And good advice.
 All right, up next.
 For NACTA, what was the most challenging thing
 about shooting for eight months
 in the closed quarters of a Sherman tank for Fury?
 I love those guys, man.
 So look, when you first get in a 75-year-old Sherman tank,
 you know, they say there's more things
 that can kill you inside the tank than outside of the tank.
 You know, the turret moves, people, you know, in training,
 you know, horrible accidents happen all the time.
 And you know, when you get in there with five guys,
 there's, you know, I know what each one of them,
 I know every smell that any one of those guys
 is capable of.
 Like anything Brad Pitt can do,
 I know exactly what, you understand?
 And so, you know, by the end of that movie,
 none of us would leave the tank when it was over.
 They say there's no bond like a tank unit.
 And that's really how I feel about those guys.
 You know, it's such a blessing
 to be able to portray these things,
 but do it under the umbrella of safety.
 And then it's our job to sort of push it
 and make it as kind of dangerous as possible
 under that umbrella.
 And I think you just leave with unbelievable
 and deep reverence for the guys that do it for real.
 That's how I am.
 But yeah, that's just a typical,
 that's just a typical day in the mud there, yeah.
 (upbeat music)
 - Ghost peppers, huh?
 - Yeah. - Yeah, dude.
 - All right, let's go. - That's bad stuff.
 - All right, let's go.
 When I said that, I realized there was a little bit
 of cockiness and arrogance, so I won't take that back.
 You don't have to edit it, but I'm self editing.
 I'm not being cocky or arrogant.
 You know what I mean?
 'Cause I am like, I'm really into the wings.
 You know what I mean?
 But I know it's about to get real.
 - You're doing great though.
 You're doing great.
 Amazing.
 So you played Tony Soprano's father, Johnny Boy,
 in the new prequel to the Sopranos,
 The Many Saints of Newark.
 And endless ink has been spilled
 about how Tony Soprano helped usher in
 a whole new era of masculinity on TV.
 And I liked a quote of yours I heard when you said,
 "The least manly thing is to be the loudest voice
 "in the room."
 What's your relationship with the tough guy characters
 that you play on camera?
 - I just think that there's this thing
 that's going on right now.
 Just kinda, you know, it's everywhere.
 It's in our politics, it's in our entertainment,
 it's in our media, where sort of the rigidity
 and unbending sort of just inability
 to move off of your opinion,
 that is being confused with sort of patriotism
 and strength and masculinity to say it's my way
 or the highway.
 Where I think that, for me, that's the most un-American
 thing in the world.
 And I think as far as being, you know, a man,
 I think you need to be able to talk to anybody.
 You need to be confident enough in yourself
 that you know that you can make a mistake,
 that you can learn from everyone,
 that you should approach and engage in dialogue
 with people that think completely differently than you.
 The people that I really respect and admire in my life
 all have that.
 I think people who actually walk the walk
 that don't just talk about it,
 they all kinda live by that code.
 That you're constantly trying to get better,
 you're constantly trying to grow.
 It's not about implementing my will on you.
 And I think that with this kinda masculinity thing,
 it's just I feel like it's sort of been bastardized
 in this way that, again, it's about the bombast
 and it's about looking tough and talking,
 but having empathy for people,
 having compassion for people, helping people,
 being somebody, wanting to be the kind of person
 that will be there for someone in need.
 That's what I think being a dad's about,
 being a man's about, and certainly that's how
 I'm trying to raise my boys,
 and to have an open heart towards everyone.
 (dramatic music)
 - There's chocolate in that?
 - Yeah, but-- - Holy shit.
 - Not the kind I think you may be hoping for.
 - Fuck yeah. - Chocolate pepper.
 - Holy shit, dude. - Mm-hmm.
 - Yeah, man, I'm gonna eat this whole fucking thing, Dom.
 (Dom laughs)
 Doing what I said I'd do.
 Holy moly.
 - I understand that in "Ford vs. Ferrari,"
 director James Mangold kind of shied away from green screen
 and embraced classic Hollywood filmmaking techniques.
 When you think about the creative ways
 that he was able to capture the chaos of car racing,
 what sorts of things stand out?
 - Across the board, look, he's a genius.
 He's a national treasure, you know?
 And I think what really was this homage
 to kind of classic filmmaking,
 for exactly what you said, I think it's more than just
 sort of the lack of special effects
 and what that does to have real race cars
 screaming by the actors.
 Even if you never see the race cars,
 the sound of it, the energy,
 the palpability of that informs all the performances.
 They're all really there and you can feel them.
 And I've been so blessed to work.
 Holy shit, that's hot, bro.
 I've been so blessed.
 Man, I gotta make my answers shorter.
 Holy shit, bro.
 - And then Martin Scorsese is a director
 who embraces improvisation.
 I'm curious how you think "Wolf of Wall Street"
 might've benefited from that approach.
 - Man, it's the mountain top.
 You know, there's no one better and never will be.
 You know, that process, I learned more,
 even with that sort of limited role,
 my whole acting style kind of changed off of that.
 No two takes were alike.
 Everyone on that set, everybody who steps foot on that set,
 you know, is literally the best in the world
 at what they do.
 There's such reverence, there's such solitude
 and solidarity on those sets.
 A lot of times people talk about that
 "sell me this pen" scene.
 And I use it as a really good example
 of the way that Marty kind of works.
 When Leo was walking the set that day,
 you know, his security was a New York City detective.
 And he said that he had had a job interview
 with the real Jordan Belfort.
 And Leo said, "Really, just walk into set that day
 that we were shooting that scene."
 He said, "What was the interview?"
 And he said, "He handed me a pen, said sell me that pen."
 So Leo just, he didn't tell anybody.
 He just threw that into that scene.
 And then everything was sort of reactive off of that.
 It just made it that it was electric
 and you never knew what was gonna happen next.
 It changed the way I worked on everything.
 - Did they throw you a death day party
 during your time on "The Walking Dead"
 or is that a tradition that started
 after you left the show?
 - No, no, no, it was, no, it was,
 there's a place, I forget the name of the,
 there's a soul food restaurant in Atlanta
 that I remember the waitress,
 the first time we went there, she said,
 "This is gonna make you uncomfortably full."
 And so that's where we always would do our death dinners.
 We started with the very first one with Amy
 and that group, all those guys from the originals,
 they're family to me and I'm so grateful
 I got to be on that show.
 It helped me in so many ways.
 - Well, speaking of eating until you're uncomfortably full.
 This next one is "Da Bomb Beyond Insanity."
 - Yeah.
 - Fuck.
 - What is that, beyond insanity?
 Shoot, like somebody reads that and they're like,
 "Oh yeah, like yeah."
 - You go to insanity.
 - Then you gotta go beyond.
 - You gotta go beyond.
 - Let's go beyond, bro.
 - Oh fuck.
 - Dom, I want you to see what I'm doing, mother.
 (laughing)
 Let's get it, man.
 If you're gonna be a bear, be a grizzly.
 - You gotta be a grizzly.
 - Mother fuck, I mean that doesn't even.
 (laughing)
 Fuck, there's two more.
 - I can't believe it couldn't get.
 - Yeah, and it kind of just grows on this one.
 - Oh shit, dude.
 (clapping)
 - Oh yeah.
 - Oh, mother ever.
 - So in addition to training overseas, I know that you.
 - How are you talking, bro?
 How are you fucking talking?
 - You just keep rolling.
 - Okay, okay, let's go.
 - I know that you also played catcher
 on a pro baseball team in Russia.
 Can you pull back the curtain?
 - I ate it too fast, sorry.
 - I'm what a mound visit with Jon Bernthal was like.
 What would you say to a pitcher
 having trouble spotting his fastball?
 - You know, I love that position.
 You know, you're the field general.
 You know, there's psychology
 that you're constantly playing with the batter
 and with the pitcher.
 I'm gonna go into the milk, bro.
 - Yeah, me too, me too.
 I already beat you there.
 - That's beyond insanity.
 I got intense sometimes as a catcher brother.
 That's all I gotta say about that.
 - What's the most intense high school football game
 you remember playing in during your undefeated season?
 - Fucking A man. - With the Sidwell
 friendship wakers. - Thank you for saying that,
 man, undefeated.
 Those guys are my best friends in the world.
 Dougie Thornell, Greg Zumis.
 We were undefeated, man.
 We grew up playing together, you know.
 Wow, bro.
 Dude, I can't believe there's two more.
 - As an actor who frequents the Petromalli Boxing Gym,
 what do you think is the greatest,
 what do you think is the greatest boxing movie of all time?
 - Oh, Raging Bull.
 Raging Bull, you get right inside there with it
 and the character piece.
 It's a hard sport to get right.
 Not too many people.
 Like what we were talking about with tennis.
 (basketball thudding)
 Yo. (laughing)
 What we were talking about with tennis,
 there's not that many people who actually
 have gotten in there, but they are unbelievably meticulous.
 And there's movies I think a lot of people consider great
 that are full of boxing flaws.
 It's a tough one for me.
 There's like, it seems like there's a million
 boxing movies about white fighters.
 It's not a white sport and that's always been
 sort of a source of contention in the boxing world.
 But yeah, I think Raging Bull for me is the best.
 - I'm catching a little bit of a head buzz.
 - Are you okay?
 - Yeah, yeah, just catching a little bit of a head buzz
 I think off that last one.
 - It's weird, man.
 I'm so fucking nervous to see these next two,
 but I'm also, I'm curious how it could get.
 (laughing)
 - Fucking stronger.
 Am I allowed to curse?
 - Go ahead, let it fly.
 - Oh, mother, ugh.
 Bro, I've never seen you struggle, dude, like this.
 - I like how you came up in here, you're like,
 I come here with humility, I come in here.
 - Yeah.
 - And you know me doing,
 been around the block so many times.
 Maybe sometimes I take this for granted,
 but I think that first one reminded me.
 We're playing a dangerous game here.
 - Yeah, this is not for, ugh, babes.
 - All right, so this is--
 - I'm just gonna do one like circle.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Woo!
 - Hit a lap, hit a lap.
 - Oh, my lordy, all right, come on.
 - Let's go, let's get it.
 - So this is Hellfire's Cranked.
 - Come on, Hellfire, dude, look at this mother,
 look at him, look at him, look at him.
 I mean, look at him, I'm literally gonna have nightmares
 of this dude on here.
 What says eat me?
 Reaper sauce.
 Let's get it, dude.
 - Let's get it.
 - Uh-huh.
 I'm just doing one bite, you doing multiple?
 - I'm good.
 - You wanna just go one bite?
 - Let's just call it one.
 Let's just call that one.
 - Should we do two?
 - Yeah.
 - Okay, let's do two.
 (groaning)
 - Do you like to swallow quick?
 - That was traditionally what I did
 'cause I gotta choke it down to get the question out.
 But then after that first one, now I know--
 - Swallowing it quick I think is a mistake.
 - Maybe I should slow it down a little bit.
 - But chewing that shit is fucking stupid, man.
 I'm sorry I'm cursing so much,
 Sloan's gonna choke me out.
 - Woo!
 - All right, come on.
 So you're a film buff who counts true romance,
 Goodfellas, Silence of the Lambs amongst your favorite,
 but you also speak very highly of a little known movie
 called DC Cab, starring Mr. T.
 - Yeah.
 - Why do you refer to that film as you call it
 the only honest DC movie that's ever been made?
 - DC's never portrayed, the real DC
 is like never portrayed in movies.
 DC, growing up there, it's very much a study in hypocrisy.
 You know, you've got like the federal government there
 and it's all pristine and it's patrolled
 by the Capitol Police and the Secret Service.
 And then, you know, historically,
 then you go a couple blocks either way
 and it's a very, very different city.
 And there's so much vibrance and culture
 and vitality to that city.
 It's got its own vernacular, its own music.
 I don't know if you've ever heard Go-Go music.
 - Yeah, hell yeah.
 - But like, fuck, it's so good.
 Where'd you grow up?
 - Chicago.
 - What's crazy about,
 DC Cab showed the real DC.
 I love that movie, you know what I mean?
 I just love that movie, you know.
 Well, if nothing else, we got a shout out for DC Cab today.
 All right, Jon Bernthal.
 - Let's do this shit, bro.
 I'm trying to watch you, dude.
 Oh my God.
 I'm gonna rub it. - I'm gonna wipe off, yeah.
 And then what, you just,
 you start with the bite that you just.
 - You got it.
 - Good luck, brother.
 - I appreciate it. - Thank you for having me, man.
 Thanks so much for coming in. - You're a bad man, dude.
 Seriously, holy shit.
 - Cheers, Jon.
 - Yeah, respect, bro.
 - Oh no.
 - Come the fuck on, dude.
 - Who would do that?
 - You go over there, oh, come on, let's go, let's go.
 Let's fucking get it.
 - All right.
 I love it, I love it.
 - You can't talk about DC and then not do that.
 - Hell yeah.
 - You know what I mean?
 I know that's how fucking genius he is, dude.
 He did that one. - For DC.
 - Come on, man.
 - Okay, Jon Bernthal, long last,
 we've reached the conclusion
 of our spicy wing journey. - It's in my nose, bro.
 Yeah.
 - If we've learned anything along the way,
 it's that your path through acting
 has likewise been a rollercoaster from Russia to the States
 to waking up at 5 a.m. and driving to actor's equity
 for open auditions in a roofless Jeep.
 - Yeah, right on there.
 - For someone whose path to the silver screen
 wasn't the easiest,
 what do you think is the most important trait
 an aspiring actor must have in order to grind
 and make the way through the unknown?
 - It's pretty simple, man.
 I think the mistake that so many people make,
 and I think you can do this in professions across the board,
 is to constantly worry about connections,
 getting in the right room, you know?
 Knowing the right people.
 And you put all this time and effort as actors
 having the right headshots, you know?
 Reaching out to people that you know
 that might be in the industry.
 It's not about getting in the right rooms, it's just not.
 It's about what you do when you get in there.
 You have to love what you do,
 and you have to work at it like crazy because you love it.
 And so double down on that,
 and give it everything you have, man.
 And never, ever, ever, ever, ever give up.
 - Wise words to live by from Jon Bernthal,
 and look at you, my man, taking on the wings of death.
 - We did it.
 - And living to tell the tale.
 And now, Jon Bernthal, there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Many Saints in Newark, that comes to theaters and HBO Max.
 Ah, man, whew.
 (laughs)
 I'm sure this is exactly what they want, you know what I mean?
 Maybe I'll puke while I'm delivering this.
 Woo!
 It's coming October 1st, King Richard's coming out.
 I'm super proud of it.
 Please go see Small Engine Repair.
 It's a labor of love.
 I guarantee it'll make you laugh.
 It might offend you, it will push you, it will challenge you.
 Just be good to each other.
 Just be good to each other.
 That's really what I wanna say.
 Let's be good to each other.
 Thank you for having me, man.
 I have so much respect for you, man.
 This was awesome.
 - Thank you, Jon.
 What a ride.
 And a big ride.
 - Thank you, Jon.
 Back at you.
 Back at you.
 That was awesome.
 Holy moly, man.
 I actually think that Hellfire was, it was the worst.
 - Really?
 - You did not?
 - Well, you know, everybody always says "de bomb,"
 but I think that what happens is people get shocked
 by "de bomb" and then they kinda like don't see
 that next one coming.
 But yeah, this one, this season, it's all,
 it's just like strength is strength is strength.
 - Strength is strength is strength.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And we were taking those big bites,
 so we'd like get you on the, yeah.
 Wow, just gotta do one more glass of water.
 Woo!
 - Hey, what's going on, everybody?
 This is Sean Evans.
 I just wanted to say thank you so much
 for watching today's episode.
 And as you know, every season, it's out with the old
 and in with the new hot sauce lineup.
 And I know you've been watching this episode
 and wondering to yourself,
 I wonder if I would cry like that.
 Would I sweat?
 Would I scream?
 Well, now you can find out because the Hot Ones 10 pack
 is available at heatness.com.
 That's heatness.com to get your hands
 on the Hot Ones 10 pack.
 Remember with the last dab, you don't have to.
 If you don't want to, keep milk on hand,
 keep ice cream at the ready.
 You can do this.
 [MUSIC]
