 (dramatic music)
 - Wanna take a little break?
 - More ice.
 - More ice, more ice.
 Can we get more ice?
 (dramatic music)
 Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by the Nigerian nightmare,
 Kamaru Usman.
 He's one of the best pound for pound fighters
 in the UFC, a dominant and reigning
 welterweight champion who has defended that title
 on four straight occasions.
 But how will he fare today in a 10 round bout
 against the wings of death?
 I guess only time will tell.
 Kamaru Usman, welcome to the show.
 - Thank you, thank you.
 It's a pleasure to be here.
 And I made sure I was hungry on the ride here.
 So being of Nigerian descent and being born in Nigeria,
 I'm accustomed to every meal,
 having some type of kick into it.
 You know, I'm a little nervous with this one
 because I've been on a diet for the last literally six years.
 So I don't think my taste buds
 are the way they used to be.
 - Now make sure that's this wing, the one to the far right.
 - Yeah, that's important to know.
 - That's just tangy.
 - I don't know, man, that's tangy.
 - That one's a good wing.
 - So you have a reputation for being one of the best
 wrestlers in the UFC, a skillset that you started to build
 as a high school standout and eventually
 as a collegiate national champion and all American.
 I once saw you compare jujitsu to wrestling
 by posting a picture of a cobra alongside a bear.
 For those of us who have never done an arm lock
 or been involved in a takedown in our lives,
 how do you explain that analogy?
 - You know, coming up in wrestling
 and doing that for the earlier part of my life,
 you understand that wrestling is kind of like a bear.
 There's not much you can do when someone just,
 you learn how to completely control
 and disarm somebody else.
 - Brute force.
 - Yes, just basically mauling someone.
 But then once I started to get into jujitsu,
 you realize it's not just about mauling somebody anymore.
 Someone can lure you to sleep and catch you with something
 and now you're tangled up in a pretzel
 and you have no idea how to get out.
 And so that's basically the analogy, how I compared them.
 'Cause jujitsu was like, you can play the game,
 you can kind of just set traps and be loose with someone,
 all of a sudden you got them wrapped up,
 they either gonna lose an arm or limb
 or get choked unconscious.
 So that was the analogy between both.
 It's basically pick your poison.
 (upbeat music)
 So a trick that I do with the flap,
 I get in here and I find these bones,
 hold it from the back end,
 we're gonna twist a couple of times.
 Get that bone out.
 Now that's all me.
 See that, we're not wasting none of that.
 I'm Nigerian, so you gotta learn, you know,
 over time, so you don't waste any of that.
 Oh, that's light.
 Oh, oh, wait, wait.
 - I've heard you talk about having an interest
 in the science of the mind.
 And when you say that you're reading someone's body,
 what do you mean by that?
 Like, can you really pick up on like a physical difference
 between a fighter who's confident
 and one who doubts themselves?
 - Yes, I can, big time.
 Me, my style, I like to break guys mentally.
 I want them to wilt.
 That's what I want.
 I want to break them internally to where after this fight,
 they will remember this for the rest of their lives.
 And the biggest way to do that is fatigue.
 Fatigue makes coward of everyone.
 And so I have to be able to read them
 and see when that fatigue is starting to set in.
 When someone's hurt, there's certain signs that they display.
 Like when the fight starts, they're very active.
 You can tell they have this scowl on their face
 and that means they're activated,
 they're ready to hurt you and kill you at any moment.
 Then when they start to fatigue, that scowl slowly
 starts to go away.
 The hands aren't as high anymore.
 They aren't as activated.
 But these are all signs for me.
 These are all go signs.
 Once I start to see these signs,
 I start to step on that gas and I want to break you inside.
 Remember the trick I just showed you.
 So let's twist. - Look at that.
 Look at that clean.
 - Look at that clean, didn't waste no meat there.
 You know back in the day, if you wasted this meat in Nigeria,
 everybody look at you crazy.
 Yo, it's good food right there.
 Find it, find it.
 There we go.
 Out of there.
 The third one, oh yeah.
 That one got a little bit.
 The third one's in. - Kind of like a smoky,
 peppery vibe to it. - Yeah, through the nose too.
 - So one thing that I've noticed watching UFC events
 where you're not on the card is that you have a very polished
 broadcasting style and seem very comfortable in the booth.
 Who to you are the most fascinating fighters
 to watch on tape?
 Like can you give me one from the men's side
 and one from the women's side?
 - There's quite a few, that's a tough one.
 Right now on the men's side, I would have to say
 Francis Ngannou, without a doubt.
 Because kind of like a Mike Tyson,
 it might be five seconds, it might be five minutes,
 but someone's about to go to sleep.
 And that's the deal with Francis Ngannou.
 It's ridiculous the amount of power that he has.
 It's almost unreal.
 And so to watch a guy like that,
 throwing hands at another human being,
 it's like you just have to see it.
 Now as a female, this is gonna be my teammate,
 my teammate that I've been with now for the last,
 almost two years, year and a half,
 Rose Namaeunis, who just recently regained her title,
 UFC 261.
 You watch her, she's such a killer,
 such a savage inside that octagon,
 but she's just such a flower on the inside.
 She'll cry, like she cried in the cage,
 she cried before the fight.
 You know what a lot of people don't know,
 she'll cry backstage.
 It takes a lot, which it takes a lot for us
 to do what we do, but she just wears it on her sleeve
 and then she can turn on that savage,
 go out there and kick you in the head unconscious.
 So I think those are the two special fighters
 that I like to watch.
 Los Calientes.
 Think they might have mixed up the order
 because that last one kicked a little harder.
 - Yeah, yeah, the three spot does kick
 a little bit more in this level.
 - Unless you guys try and set me up
 for the punch coming after the next one.
 - So you hear boxers and MMA fighters
 talk all the time about sweet spots.
 Besides the jaw or the chin,
 which parts of the body are most vulnerable
 to a kick or a hook?
 - The bread basket.
 That's what they call it, it's a famous term
 for that stomach, there's a region right here
 in that stomach, that little upper region,
 right above, like right in the abs,
 but the lower abs, that it's very hard
 even when you flex your abs,
 that spot is still penetrable.
 You know, if you can land a good punch right there
 and especially when they got exhaling,
 it'll sit a lot of people down, for sure.
 If you haven't watched my fights,
 that's one of the spots where I love to aim,
 just a body jab, boom, stick it there.
 You hit them with a good five or six of those,
 now they gotta basically recalculate
 why they got into this fight in the first place.
 And it doesn't have to be hard,
 that's the definition of a sweet spot,
 doesn't have to be hard, you can just touch it
 and it's like, oh, and you see fighters
 when it happens, they try to,
 they make this face, it's the craziest face.
 And you just gotta sit down,
 you just have to take a moment
 and while you're sitting there,
 hopefully the fighter doesn't jump on you and finish you.
 But then you have to think about like,
 man, is this really what I wanna do for a living?
 I don't know.
 Ginger goat, okay.
 It's not bad.
 Tommaso kick harder than Kaliate.
 - That's the first half sort of sneaky one, I think, yeah.
 - Oh yeah, see, I knew they was setting me up.
 I knew what you was doing.
 Trying to set me up, all right.
 - All right, Kamar, we have a recurring segment
 on our show called Explain That Gram,
 where we do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So we'll show you the picture over here on the monitor,
 you just tell us the bigger story.
 What was it like to hit the Grammys with Burner Boy?
 And is there any special reason
 that you chose his record, "Anybody"
 to be your walkout song in UFC?
 - It's crazy 'cause music, it really speaks to the world.
 It doesn't matter where you're from,
 what culture music always speaks to the world.
 Like there's Chinese kids who can't speak a lick of English
 or a lick of Yoruba or whatever,
 and they know the lyrics to all the songs
 and they're able to sing it.
 You know, so music just kind of transcends culture
 and that's what Burner Boy kind of stands for.
 I see myself in a sense as that,
 being able to do something beyond just fighting,
 beyond making money that transcends culture.
 And that's what fighting does to,
 fighting speaks to everybody.
 You could be in a room,
 I could be teaching a fighter from Moldova,
 a specific move, a jab straight.
 I don't speak that language,
 he speaks nothing of English, understands nothing.
 He understands this and this,
 you know, he understands takedowns and submission.
 So, you know, we kind of in a different sense,
 but we're speaking the same message all across the world.
 And him being, dropping that album,
 "African Giant," that spoke to me big time
 because I consider myself one of those.
 Let's do it.
 I do love chicken marsala.
 It's a very popular Indian dish.
 - And a little kick on this one.
 - Oh, it comes back.
 Oh.
 Oh, it sneaks back in there.
 It's an uppercut.
 So you once said,
 "The principles of what martial arts were built upon
 are honor, respect, and discipline.
 And nowadays we have guys who are solely focused
 on the entertainment aspect of the game."
 Is this trend of like YouTubers and internet celebrities
 invading the world of like pay-per-view prize fighting,
 is that good for combat sports
 or not good for combat sports?
 - We live in this day and age to where it's just publicity,
 good or bad, as long as someone's talking about you.
 Which I never grew up in that.
 You know, I grew up watching Muhammad Ali
 and some of the great things that he's done.
 And some of these great superstars, Michael Jordan
 and all these people.
 To where it was never about just trying to be famous.
 Nowadays, it's just not that.
 It's not a moral compass anymore.
 It's just, I just want to be talked about.
 And for that purpose alone, I mean, it is what it is.
 If that's what the idea was, then it's working.
 It's working, but that's just not something
 that I was ever really enticed by or intrigued by.
 Okay.
 This has got to come out sometime, you know, somewhere.
 You know, this has got to come out.
 - There's always a second act to this show.
 - Yeah.
 It's got to come out.
 - So through the ages,
 fighters have proven to be great philosophers.
 And I get the sense that you're somebody who respects
 the whole mental side of this game.
 So what I want to do is hit you with some famous fight quotes
 from famous fighters.
 And I'm just curious how they hit your ear.
 You know, maybe you agree with them.
 Maybe you disagree with them.
 Maybe it reminds you of something.
 We'll just take it from there.
 Does that sound good?
 - Yeah, it sounds good.
 Under my tongue, so yeah, it's there.
 - It's just gonna--
 - I'm sweating.
 I'm sweating like.
 - Once you've wrestled, everything else in life is easy.
 That's from Dan Gable.
 - Yeah, that's somewhat accurate statement,
 but I wouldn't say everything else in life.
 That's not true.
 There's still tough parts.
 Do we have cold, cold water?
 - We got a pitcher full of ice right there.
 - Yeah, I might just do the pitcher.
 - Just go for the pitcher.
 - Let's just go for the pitcher.
 In the midst of chaos, there's also opportunity.
 That's from The Art of War.
 - Yeah, I like that quote because in the midst of chaos,
 you feel like everything's going crazy.
 There's still that opportunity for you to be able
 to overcome it and prove something to yourself.
 Feel like that made it worse.
 (laughing)
 - From Mike Tyson.
 Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the mouth.
 - Absolutely.
 This one is very, very true because in the fight game,
 we all, you know, you say what you gonna do,
 you say what you can do, and,
 and you know, you feel like, oh yeah,
 I'm gonna, this is how I'm gonna attack this,
 this is how I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna do that.
 Couple of times I've been in that situation
 to where I had a plan of how I thought
 this fight was gonna go, and then quickly you realize,
 okay, that's not what he had in mind.
 So now I come in ready to scrap.
 I don't care where it's, where it goes, what happens,
 I'm ready to rumble each time.
 - Got a plan A, got a plan B, got a plan C,
 everything going in.
 - Absolutely.
 - All right, speaking of having a plan
 until you get punched in the face,
 are you ready to move on here to the next wing?
 It is Da Bomb Beyond Insanity.
 - I don't like the name.
 - Wait, did Israel eat this?
 - Israel had three wings with this.
 - Damn, all right, let's go there.
 (laughs)
 Mm.
 All right, that's the barbecue sauce.
 That ain't bad.
 - From hell.
 Oh, oh.
 That's not barbecue at all.
 - No.
 - That's not even a wing, what is that?
 - It's just been described as poison,
 battery acid on the show.
 - Because it's not even, like,
 you don't even taste the chicken.
 - Have you ever seen that shack face,
 like that finger goes like that?
 That was on this wing.
 - That was on this one?
 Yeah, that don't even taste like a wing.
 That's, there's no chicken in that.
 (slurps)
 - That was nothing.
 - So according to Nigerian recipe writer,
 Yawande Komolafe, there's a Yoruba saying that goes,
 "The soul that does not eat pepper is a dead soul."
 Does that ring true to you?
 - I don't know about that.
 I mean, I think, why are we talking?
 (laughs)
 Mm.
 (dramatic music)
 I think pepper gives it a little extra flavor, you know?
 And it might have some benefits for the body, but...
 Okay, gotta figure out something out here.
 - Yeah.
 - This one doesn't really...
 Temporary.
 Gotta do a one, two punch, pop, pop.
 - There we go, I'm learning here.
 - Mm-hmm.
 Mm.
 - Ice.
 - Yeah, it soothes it, but when we talk, it...
 - Right back up.
 Hot.
 I've heard some dishes like suya and pepper soup,
 they can get extremely spicy.
 How would you describe the heat levels in Nigerian food?
 - It's hot.
 It's hot.
 More ice.
 - More ice, more ice.
 Can we get more ice?
 (dramatic music)
 - We should talk like this with our mouth closed.
 (laughs)
 Who made that shit?
 Why?
 - So it comes out of Kansas City, Missouri.
 - Oh, my nose running.
 See, I knew you sent me out for some bullshit.
 (laughs)
 That's why you fought five and four and five win nothing.
 - It gets...
 - You kicked me with the three,
 you do a nice little lever punch with the three.
 Then four and five is light, so you can...
 Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
 - Playing chess over here, playing hot sauce chess over here.
 - Right there.
 Y'all work with this guy?
 (laughs)
 All right, all right.
 Bro, it's just not getting better.
 I mean, like, my lips are burning.
 That's not happening usually.
 - Right.
 This is what I'm going in.
 - It's like pouring...
 Gosh, the one in my mouth is fire.
 That was easier.
 - Coming in with ice.
 We're coming in with ice.
 (laughs)
 So before your UFC career,
 I read that you worked as a tour guide
 at the Olympic Training Center.
 Did you have a favorite training center fun fact
 or item of interest on the tour
 when you were a tour guide there?
 - Yeah, when people come in, when the other guests come in,
 we take them into the, like, there's a theater in there.
 We sit them all down and we...
 We play this video for them.
 It's like a video past Olympic moments.
 But it got you so hyped.
 When you come out of that room, watching that video,
 you're in the Olympic spirit.
 And I was like, man, I can bobsled.
 I can do this.
 Sometimes I would just play the video myself,
 sit in there and watch it.
 Getting the Olympic spirit made me want to train harder
 and compete harder.
 I shouldn't talk when we eat this.
 - Right.
 You're telling me.
 - As you shake the last one.
 - This is the last dab.
 We call it the last dab because it's tradition around here
 to put a little extra on the last wing.
 You don't have to, you don't have to.
 You don't have to.
 - Bro, you do extra now.
 Come on.
 - You don't have to if you don't want to.
 - No, but you can't do it and have me not do it.
 - Just gotta be surgical.
 - All right, let's see.
 (laughing)
 You said as long as you touch the wing, right?
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Oh, that's a drop.
 I'm gonna do two drops just 'cause we've been going hard.
 All right, boy, that's two drops.
 That bomb was a bomb, yeah.
 - Cheers. - Cheers.
 (sighing)
 - I don't like the way you reacted to that.
 Oh.
 - Six years, couple hundred episodes, never gets easier.
 - Oh.
 Why did I swallow?
 - All right, Kamau Usman, here we are
 at the end of our main event.
 We've taken on 10 chicken wings
 and just one more question for you
 before we send you on your way.
 As we've learned today, you have an enduring spirit,
 impossible to break.
 You've defended your championship four times
 and show no signs of slowing down.
 Do you put all of your MMA wins,
 all of your title defenses on the same plane
 or is there one fight or moment
 that means more to you than the rest?
 - Put a majority of them all on the same plane
 because each and every fight presents a different challenge.
 But I would say one of my favorite is
 when this kid was jaw-jacking too much,
 talking all this trash, saying that he was gonna do this,
 he was gonna leave me on a stretcher.
 I'm Donald Trump's favorite fighter.
 I'm this and that and all of the above.
 Brought in religion, talked about my family,
 my former manager, my current manager.
 He just did everything possible
 than to go in there and actually physically break his jaw.
 Then knock his ass out.
 Was probably one of my favorites.
 - Well, you know what?
 Just like that Olympic video, the hype spirit,
 I feel exactly the same way right now,
 taking on the wings of death and living to tell the tale.
 And now my friend, there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, that camera, that camera.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Well, man, well, I just ate all these wings
 and I know it's gonna have to come out somehow.
 So I'm excited.
 I'm excited for that challenge.
 I'm excited to see what's the next chapter,
 what happens in my life.
 I'm just blessed to be in this time and this day and age
 to see so many things happening, not just in fighting,
 not just in my life, but in the world.
 I'm thankful.
 - Great job.
 - Thank you.
 - Great job.
 - Why, who goes home and says,
 "Yeah, I want the bomb on my wings."
 He's like, "Who the f--"
 No.
 Oh, shit.
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on, Spice Lords?
 Camera guy Bill here with a very special announcement.
 June 14th is right around the corner
 and do you know what that means?
 Flag Day.
 And what better way to celebrate Flag Day
 than by showing your Hot Ones pride
 with some brand new Hot Ones flags
 from Buffalo's very own Oxford Pennant.
 From the birthplace of the chicken wing
 and the show that made eating the hottest sauces
 known to man a global sensation
 comes a collaboration for the ages.
 The Oxford Pennant Hot Ones collection
 is Spice Lord approved and Sean Evans certified.
 Your favorite Hot Ones-isms are immortalized
 on a series of pennants, camp flags, banners, and pins.
 Fully designed and manufactured in my hometown,
 the spiciest city in America, Buffalo, New York.
 If there's one thing I love about Buffalo,
 it's that it's giving you such national treasures
 as the chicken wing, the Buffalo Bills,
 Tony Soprano's mom, Rick James, camera guy Bill,
 and the hottest collaboration of the year.
 Get yours today at shop.firstwefeast.com
 That's shop.firstwefeast.com
 Happy Flag Day!
 [MUSIC]
