 That's a dramatic scene.
 Wow, that is psycho.
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Kevin Bacon.
 He's a Gold Globe Award winning actor
 with countless, timeless titles over the course
 of his 40 plus year long Hollywood career,
 including Apollo 13, A Few Good Men,
 Footloose, Mystic River, and many more.
 These days though, you can catch him starring
 in the acclaimed crime drama City on a Hill,
 which begins its third season on Showtime,
 Sunday, July 10th.
 Kevin Bacon, welcome to the show.
 - Thanks for having me.
 - How are you around hot sauce?
 I know that you like to hit your morning mango
 with a little bit of chili powder.
 - Yeah, I like hot sauce.
 I don't know, there's this thing where they say
 if you use it too much, then your taste buds get burned out
 and then you need to use more.
 It's a gateway drug or something, I don't know.
 But I like it.
 - I'm living proof, you know what?
 The taste buds, they don't burn away.
 I can still taste as good as I could seven, eight,
 nine years ago, so we can just dive in here.
 - Good, I'm glad to hear it.
 (dramatic music)
 - At the handle.
 (gentle music)
 (crunching)
 Mm, good, yummy, a little bit of,
 I don't know, a little lime in there maybe.
 Yeah.
 I like it.
 - So in the gritty Boston-based crime drama,
 "City on a Hill," you play the often-seedy,
 always-swaggering FBI agent, Jackie Rohr.
 And I've heard you describe the show
 as being like Shakespeare with a lot of fucks.
 Can you unpackage that?
 I love it as a tagline.
 - Well, you know, when I first read the script,
 what I really found interesting about the character was
 he's obviously a man of the streets.
 At the same time, he's like incredibly well-read
 and incredibly verbose.
 You know, sometimes I do parts where
 I like to kind of lean into saying a lot with a very little.
 And then every once in a while, something comes along
 where the guy just can't shut the fuck up.
 And it's just really fun to just kind of lean into that.
 And they always write me good stuff to say.
 Mm-hmm, yep, delicious.
 And your wings are very good too, I might add.
 - Thank you, thanks so much.
 Dom, quick shout out over there.
 - Nice, way to go.
 - So I wanna stay on the topic of television
 because it marks a distinct shift for you.
 I was saying in a 2017 interview with The Guardian,
 before my managers knew never to mention a TV series
 because they knew how furious that would make me.
 What do you see as the forces at play
 that have driven so many actors away from film
 and towards television over the last decade or so?
 - Well, I think what happened was writers on films,
 a lot of people aren't really aware of this,
 are strangely kind of the low men on the totem pole,
 or low people on the totem pole.
 On a film set, on a movie set,
 once the writer has delivered the script,
 the director and the actors and the producers
 just kind of traditionally have pushed them aside
 and said, "Well, now this is our movie
 and we're going to make it ours."
 Even in the editing process,
 scenes that were incredibly important to a writer
 get lifted and taken out.
 And at one point, I think they all went,
 "You know what, fuck that.
 I'm going to go where I can be the show runner."
 So when the great writers started to see
 that that was an opportunity, they went to television
 and then that sort of golden age of Sopranos
 and Six Feet Under and The Wire and all these TV shows
 that I was sitting home and watching
 and just looking at and going, "Shit, I want to do that."
 - And then it's interesting to me
 that in the beginning of your career,
 you know, box office was everything
 and then that gives way to Blockbuster and rentals,
 which gives way to DVDs, which gives way to streaming.
 And then now coming out of this pandemic,
 it's kind of these like dual theatrical releases
 along with on demand.
 What do you see as like the biggest existential threat
 to the movie making industry,
 having lived through so many tectonic shifts in your career?
 - Well, you know, you make a good point.
 I lived through so many shifts
 and I never really thought they were shifts.
 People would say, "Hey, you know,
 the movie business has changed."
 Well, you know, when I first started out,
 we didn't even have cameras, everything was live.
 You know, we live in a world of increasingly haves
 and have nots and that seems to have reflected its way
 into the movie business where you can,
 you put $200 million movies in the theaters,
 but the movies that I'm gonna be in, you know,
 are gonna have a harder time finding
 a theatrical kind of release.
 But I'm gonna hold on to the dream
 that people will never stop wanting to, you know,
 buy some shitty popcorn and sit there
 and experience that with strangers.
 Okay, Oaxacan.
 Mm, that's getting spicy.
 (laughing)
 That's only the third one?
 Shit.
 Okay, yeah, that's getting there.
 So do you put this, you put it on
 before the chicken wings are cooked or afterwards?
 This is too technical.
 No, no, no, I love getting into the mechanics of it all.
 So it's after, so the wings come in bare, naked,
 however you wanna put it,
 and then a little double bowl toss action
 with the sauces so you get that full coverage.
 So you can't escape, Kevin, you can't escape.
 That's good.
 Wow, hot.
 Is it true that while preparing for your role in "Footloose"
 that you actually attended a real life actual high school
 as a transfer student
 under the assumed identity Ren McCormick?
 Yeah, this is the world's dumbest ride along.
 (laughing)
 You know, I mean, I wanted to see what the experience
 would be of an urban kid, as a kid was in "Footloose,"
 moving into a rural environment,
 very, very different culturally.
 It was so much like the movie, I can't tell you.
 It was like some of the bad,
 some of the bad ass kids were like,
 "Hey, who you punkin'," you know, they were like whatever,
 and you know, frontin' with me in the bathroom and stuff.
 And then there was like this big kind of dude,
 corn-fed dude who took me under his wing,
 and was like, "Hey, y'all back off, I got it, I got it.
 He's okay."
 And the girls, when I walked down the hall, were giggling,
 and like, I had thought if the character walked
 into the school on the first day,
 that he would be, you know, "Come on, bring it."
 And it was the complete opposite.
 When I walked into that school, I was like, "Oh, shit."
 So it actually did inform the performance
 in a way that was pretty specific, you know.
 And then when the crew showed up, I was like,
 "Thank God you guys are here.
 Oh, let's go to the bar."
 - Air lift me outta here, air lift me outta here.
 - Yeah.
 - Got good hot sauces here, man.
 - So far, I guess, right?
 - Yeah.
 Has anyone ever tried to switch them?
 I don't know why you'd wanna do that.
 - So there's a couple times where it's almost
 like accidentally happened.
 You know, like Tom Holland comes in, like,
 "Hi, nice to meet you."
 And then goes and reaches for like number 10 right away.
 - I've heard that about him, yeah.
 - You know, Dom has to fly in here and fall on the grenade.
 And then we had one guest, Eddie Wong,
 way, way back in the day that actually did it in reverse,
 seemingly on purpose, would not recommend
 after seeing the way that that played out in real time.
 - Oh, really?
 (laughing)
 - So I know that you left home at age 17
 with "Broadway Dreams," starting out at the legendary
 Circle in the Square Theater, where the likes of Pacino,
 Hoffman, and Street have gone through.
 Can you recall an instance ever a time
 in which your formal acting training brushed up awkwardly
 with the realities of being on a Hollywood set?
 - Well, (laughing)
 that's a really interesting question.
 When I did the movie "Diner,"
 I learned a great lesson from Barry Levinson.
 Being young and also really coming from the stage,
 I tended to be kind of bigger, you know,
 and tended to wanna put it out into the back row,
 whatever it was that I was feeling.
 And he was like, you know, "Don't play it, someone."
 - Yeah, you know, you can just, you know, you know,
 the lesson is to say.
 - You know, and so I did less, and I did less,
 and he would have me do less again.
 And that was a great sort of lesson to me.
 Also, you can't necessarily judge a part
 based on the amount of lines that you have.
 If you listen to people and you have a good sense
 of who your guy is, you can make an impact.
 You can make your presence known
 without just a bunch of this.
 - Mm, seven people, yeah.
 Yeah, I see why.
 - That's a little guy on a horse
 looking like he's about to smack you in the head.
 - Okay.
 - What to you is the most interesting
 or fascinating thing about working on the simulators
 at the U.S. Space and Rocket Center
 in the lead up to Apollo 13?
 - That was an incredible experience.
 I mean, we were doing touch and goes and airplanes.
 I mean, all this kind of,
 this is one of the great things about this gig that I have.
 I mean, the experiences that I have
 and the things that I get to be able to do are just,
 I never take them for granted.
 I really don't.
 In that case, there was a plane called the KC-135.
 They fly out over the Gulf of Mexico.
 You climb straight up and then you dive,
 and these are called parabolas.
 For 24 seconds, I think it is.
 You float.
 I did it.
 I got through it.
 I was like, great, we all jumped off the plane.
 We kissed the tarmac, it was terrifying.
 But kind of cool, had that experience.
 So Ron has a conversation with Steven Spielberg,
 and Spielberg says, you know,
 why don't you shoot some of the movie up in that plane?
 And you have to keep in mind that at this point,
 making people float was a really hard thing to accomplish
 in terms of special effects.
 And you know, Ron comes back, goes,
 guys, guys, guys, got a great idea.
 Let's talk to Steven.
 What we're gonna do?
 I was like, are you fucking kidding me?
 We're gonna be up in this thing for like weeks now.
 Myself, Tom, and Bill, and Ron,
 we did this like 600 times.
 Wow.
 But what was really cool was that
 not all three of us would be in the scene at once.
 Maybe it was just me, or maybe it was just Tom,
 or Bill, or whatever.
 And then the whole rest of the plane
 was like a big padded cell.
 And so we would just have fun.
 Just play football, fly around, fly like me.
 Literally, you could start at this wall and push off.
 Picture just flying all the way to this wall.
 I mean, just like this.
 You know, you can see there's goofy footage of it.
 So again, what an experience.
 (dramatic music)
 Going in.
 Mm.
 Mm.
 So interesting.
 I just forget how it kind of raises your heart rate, right?
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's a little trippy too.
 Like sometimes you can actually get
 kind of like a head high off a little bit.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 (laughing)
 Wow, man.
 I love you, man.
 I love you.
 I love you right back.
 I love you right back.
 So besides movies, I know that music
 is a major passion of yours.
 Starting a band with your brother Michael 25 years ago,
 the Bacon Brothers, and releasing close to a dozen
 studio albums in the time since.
 As someone with a foot in both worlds,
 is there a movie, a project of yours,
 that you think has the best or most underrated
 original soundtrack?
 Oh, of mine?
 Hmm.
 Probably, it's been a while since I've gone back
 and listened to it, but probably Telling Lies in America.
 And of course I think of that because I wrote
 a couple songs for it, but that's not really the reason
 I wrote it.
 I wrote a song called Medium Rare
 that they actually sing in the movie.
 And it was cool to try to write in a specific
 kind of style of an era and stuff like that.
 You know what else has probably, I'm guessing,
 although I don't honestly go back and look at the movies,
 but I'm guessing that has a good soundtrack
 would be She's Having a Baby.
 Because John Hughes was a huge, huge,
 people forget he was a huge music fan.
 He was also really super, super influential
 in things that were gonna be on the radio
 and really, I'm sure there's a lot of cool music in that.
 Tissue time.
 Tissue time.
 Tissue time.
 Are you ready to move on to the next wing here?
 Just in anticipation, my nose started to run, yeah.
 This is the hollow gee here.
 Okay.
 In the seventh spot.
 (dramatic music)
 Now that, well, that doesn't even,
 what's amazing is that they haven't even,
 they haven't highlighted all of those peppers
 that they've only highlighted.
 Four out of five.
 I think that's false advertising.
 'Cause that shit's hot.
 Very hot.
 Yeah.
 Very hot here in the seventh spot.
 Awesome.
 I'm really enjoying this.
 You're having a good time?
 I am.
 I am.
 Did you have a biggest customer pet peeve
 when you were going by Wuner and waiting tables
 at the Aussie Cafe?
 My biggest customer pet peeve,
 man, your research is deep, bro.
 Wuner.
 That is, I got some friends that are gonna shit
 when they hear that you figured that out.
 My biggest pet peeve would be splitting dishes.
 It was an interesting restaurant that I worked at.
 It's on 72nd Street up here
 because service was not really the deal.
 I mean, I was by far the most agreeable person
 that worked there.
 The bartenders, the waitresses,
 it was none of this, what can I get you, sir?
 No, there's nothing like that.
 So, you know, it was not, you know, a l'cirque.
 The bomb.
 Sorry about that.
 Okay.
 (laughing)
 Oh my God.
 (laughing)
 I'm embarrassed to show you how small a bite
 I took of this to move it.
 Well, all you need is a small bite of this one.
 Woo!
 Wow, that's hot.
 Wow.
 It's insane.
 It's beyond insane, beyond insanity.
 Mm.
 You'd have to put it on with like a pin.
 Wow.
 Oh my gosh, that's hot.
 Very hot, very hot.
 Wow, awesome, good, delicious.
 God, love it.
 Mm.
 Besides the time that you did your screen test
 with 104 degree fever for "Diner,"
 what immediately comes to mind
 when you think of harrowing audition experiences?
 So, when I wasn't at the Tappet Cake,
 I would sometimes go to Studio 54.
 I would go alone, 'cause I loved to dance.
 I learned pretty quickly
 that it wasn't a place to pick up girls,
 because I didn't have enough money or enough coke.
 And there's a guy named Mark, who had blonde hair.
 It was Mark and Steve.
 Rubel.
 And he was in charge of picking
 who was gonna be able to come through the red room.
 He was, yeah, in charge of the velvet over there.
 Right, he was the guy.
 And everyone's screaming,
 "Mark, Mark II, Mark II, Mark III, Mark."
 And it was complete insanity.
 And I noticed him going like this,
 and looking over and then going.
 And I thought to myself,
 "He's looking at their shoes."
 And so I started to look at the shoes
 that people would wear.
 And then I went out and got a pair of those shoes.
 And I got in.
 So then the '70s ends,
 and they decided to do a show called "Got To Go Disco,"
 which is a Broadway show.
 There was a song called "I Love The Nightlife."
 ♪ I love the nightlife ♪
 ♪ I like the boogie on the disco round, yeah ♪
 So I come in with the sheet music,
 and I hand it to the piano player,
 and he starts to play it.
 It never occurred to me that the sheet music
 might not be in the key of the record.
 It was a disaster.
 It was way out of my range.
 And the weirdest thing was I'd never had,
 I don't think I ever had a musical audition before.
 But it was a room full of probably,
 I don't know, 20 people, 30 people, all investors.
 And sitting right in the middle was this guy, Mark.
 And all I could think was, "Mark, one.
 Mark, one."
 He was one of the producers.
 And to say that I didn't get that part
 would be the understatement.
 I just completely shit the bed.
 Well, it sounded good when you just sang it just now.
 Not really.
 And then you did it under the pressure
 of eight hot sauces so far.
 I don't think these hot sauces are really great
 for the old vocal chords, are they?
 So impressive under the circumstances.
 Are you ready to move on here to number nine?
 Interesting title for number nine.
 The Psycho Sauce.
 Yeah, mm-hmm.
 Starting to see why you might put that at the end there.
 (dramatic music)
 Oh, man.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 What does that mean, 15 out of 10?
 Right, it doesn't make any sense.
 It doesn't make any sense.
 It doesn't make any sense at all.
 You know, like there could be 10.
 But I mean, it kind of does make sense right now.
 My mouth is going, "You're right, asshole.
 That's 15 out of 10."
 Oh my God.
 Wow.
 That is psycho.
 How would you describe your ideal day
 at Macedonia State Park?
 Hot Ones creator, Chris Schoenberger,
 he takes his dog, Ruggles, running there every single day.
 Well, my favorite time to go to Macedonia State Park
 is after a big snow.
 There's a two-mile, gradual uphill trail
 for cross-country skiing.
 And it's perfect because you're going uphill on the way,
 and then you get nice and warm,
 and then you just kind of, it's a little easier on the,
 it's very hard to answer these questions.
 (laughing)
 You're kidding.
 You want me to put the, oh man.
 You don't have to if you don't want to.
 Listen, you're too nice.
 You need to have more rules.
 I mean, you need to, ah!
 Oh shit.
 Be careful, be careful.
 All right.
 Do you find that men and women react different?
 Of course they react differently,
 but is there a sort of an element that comes up
 with guys who are like, ah, ah, ah, it's like a--
 We've never had a woman tap out on the show, ever.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 I know.
 It's funny how--
 I know.
 Oh, fuck me.
 It's funny how it just kind of builds, you know?
 Yeah, there's a cumulative effect, I think,
 of putting all these ten and layering them on top,
 but the good news is you're all done with the wings.
 We've taken a journey through your acting career,
 and it's clear that you're someone who loves movies
 ever since you snuck into that dollar theater
 when you were 12 years old to see "Midnight Cowboy."
 On the topic of the movies that shaped you,
 what makes "Spinal Tap" a perfect film?
 Oh.
 It's got rock and roll.
 It's got transformational performances
 from people who don't look or act anything like the characters
 that they play.
 It's got humor and then a unexpected touch of pathos,
 and it goes up to 11.
 Some would say it maybe even goes up to 15.
 Some would say.
 And look at you, Kevin Bacon, taking on the wings of death,
 living to tell the tale, and now there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 I'm going to--
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm going to try to get out of here and walk downstairs
 and go home.
 I don't know, maybe take a nap.
 Got "City on the Hill" coming out.
 I got some new Bacon Brothers music coming out.
 Wow, it's hard to do under these circumstances.
 The walls are closing in.
 [APPLAUSE]
 Thank you.
 Thank you, everybody.
 Good job.
 Good job.
 That's the Hot Ones experience.
 That was amazing.
 Honestly, I don't know where you get these questions from,
 but they are-- well, I know because I've seen the show--
 that they are very surprising and incredibly well researched.
 Oh, thank you so much.
 Yeah, I mean, it's nice to--
 it's not just the wings.
 It's also nice to have some shit to talk about that's
 not the usual.
 Oh my god.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hey, what's going on, Hot Ones fans?
 This is Sean Evans checking in with a very exciting
 announcement.
 We've read the comments.
 We've seen the emails.
 And after six years, more than 250 episodes,
 we can now bring you the full Hot Ones experience
 in one convenient package.
 I'm proud to introduce you to Hot Ones Boneless Chicken
 Bites, available exclusively at Walmart and walmart.com.
 Each bag of Hot Ones Boneless Chicken Bites
 is packed with approximately 35 breaded, seasoned white meat
 chicken bites, as well as individual packets
 of the classic, Los Calientes and the Last Dab
 Apollo for all your saucing and dabbing needs.
 The full Hot Ones experience, ready to heat and eat
 whenever you get the craving to spice things up at home.
 Hot Ones Boneless Chicken Bites, it's a party in a bag,
 and everyone's invited.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC ENDS]
 (upbeat music)
