 There's no way these are spicier.
 Well, there's only one way to find out.
 Oh, God.
 Hey, what's going on, everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans,
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Khloe Kardashian.
 She's a pop culture icon whose life is back in the spotlight
 with the family's brand-new series, The Kardashians,
 currently streaming on Hulu.
 She's also co-founder of the Good American fashion brand.
 Gotta keep an eye out for their recently launched collaboration with Zara.
 But in the meantime, a 10-round bout with the wings of death,
 Khloe Kardashian, welcome to the show.
 Thank you for having me.
 I've heard that you have to be talked into things,
 whether it's something big like SNL, the Met Gala.
 And I'm just curious, who is it that talked you into doing Hot Ones?
 Well, I'm sure a handful of people.
 I mean, it's been about eight months since I've agreed to do this,
 and nothing personal.
 I don't take it personal.
 I don't eat chicken.
 I don't eat hot sauce.
 And I, you know, I have a lot of anxiety with interviews in general.
 So, but I'm here, and I have my hot sauce face on.
 And you take like a real big bite.
 Okay.
 Go on.
 Okay.
 That's fine.
 So after 14 years on E!, the Kardashians are now on Hulu,
 and we were so excited to learn that you'd be bringing the cameras along with you for this interview.
 From your vantage point as a reality TV creator,
 are there things that you notice, like how the sausage is made details
 when you're watching, say, the Real Housewives,
 that the rest of us may miss watching from our couch?
 Definitely.
 I can tell when some audio has been put in,
 if they need to like reshoot audio or if like a phone call is faked or,
 and not that those things didn't happen,
 but sometimes they didn't catch the audio or sometimes the mics go out or,
 so I understand that a lot of it might be really how it was,
 but they might just have to redo something or transitions to thing or,
 I mean, I even know that a lot of pages are there now,
 like fan accounts will find if they see like an editing issue or something like that.
 So it could be super minor,
 but I'm really aware of those things and I tend to notice all that stuff.
 Well, speaking of heightened senses,
 are you ready to move on here to the next wing?
 Island wings.
 Yep. With the Dobo logo here in the two spot.
 Dobo logo. Lord.
 Okay.
 [MUSIC]
 We're getting spicier. I think I got this though.
 It leaves a little spicy tingling on my lips,
 but that's good. I'm fine. Okay.
 So I want to congratulate you on your brand new dream home.
 So I want to congratulate you on your brand new dream home.
 Are you getting stuck on the spice?
 You know what? It doesn't matter how many times you go through it.
 You know, nobody is completely safe out here.
 Okay.
 You know, it can catch anybody.
 Okay.
 Babe Ruth struck out sometimes too, you know?
 Michael Jordan missed some shots.
 You're right.
 So I want to congratulate you on your brand new dream home.
 And what I have to say is without hyperbole,
 the most organized and impressive kitchen pantry I've ever seen in my life.
 Can you talk us through the design process for the pantry?
 It's clear that you had a vision.
 I don't know if you're flirting with me,
 but that's the best flirting you could ever give me.
 Complementing my pantry.
 Sure. Whatever you want, you're going to get after this. Okay.
 There we go.
 But yes, I definitely have a vision.
 I see how other people organize things.
 I might get ideas and then I just make it my own.
 And my goal for my pantry is I didn't want tons of plastic.
 And so I had to find like lazy Susans and I might have stained them.
 If they were, came in one color wood, I stained them a different color.
 So I was a little insane with making everything match and super monochromatic.
 But I love a good organized anything.
 It's a big turn on for me, as you can see.
 I don't know if this is like lingering and getting hotter,
 but it's getting a little hotter.
 I don't know if it's you or the wings.
 All right.
 Or all the pantry talk. Oh my gosh.
 Yeah, I know. That's what I'm saying.
 I think it's the pantry talk.
 Let's crank up the heat.
 Keep talking organization and I'm good to go.
 Roger, you might have to defog that lens here before we move on here to wing number three.
 This is the Mezclean here in the third spot.
 Okay.
 Okay. Lord.
 I'm only on number three.
 I'm good here.
 Okay.
 I'm proud of myself. I got to three.
 I'm proud of you too.
 Hit that DJ Khaled line, you know, right there.
 Three wings in.
 Okay.
 So your clothing line, Good American, has at the heart of the brand a mission
 to make quality clothes for people of all sizes.
 What are the challenges of making a size inclusive clothing line?
 Like I imagine you can't take every design and scale it from like size double zero to size 30.
 We do.
 Oh my God. Maybe it is spicy.
 We do.
 I got this.
 At Good American.
 Oh my God, you guys.
 It's coming when you talk.
 So at Good American, we do everything that we produce, we have in the full size range.
 We actually don't let retailers carry Good American unless they promise to take the full size range.
 And that's a gift and a curse because not everyone has the budget to carry that wide of a size range.
 But also it's not fair for clothing stores, department stores to sort of dictate what they think women should be wearing and what size.
 It costs a lot more money and time to have different fabrications for different shaped women.
 And yeah, it is much more difficult to make something in a double X, a double extra small to a five X large.
 So it's a lot more that goes into it, but it's worth it.
 Is there a key to pulling off a Canadian tuxedo like a do and a don't when it comes to floor to ceiling denim?
 God, I love a Canadian tuxedo.
 So I like when the denims match more, it almost looks like a full jumpsuit just to sort of bleed into one another.
 So I don't know if there's a rule for that.
 I just think it's preference. But Canadian tuxedo is always a vibe.
 Hey, well, if you say it, then it's gospel for me.
 Are you ready to move on here to the fourth wing?
 You're doing so good.
 OK, good.
 This is the Los Calientes Verde.
 OK.
 OK.
 It's good.
 You're doing great.
 OK, you're doing so good.
 I think I got this.
 Oh, wow. There's a kick after that.
 OK.
 Do you have a go to paparazzi evasion tactic?
 Like, have you ever played around with prosthetics or disguises or stunt doubles or anything like that?
 Oh, my God, not stunt doubles, but my sisters and I did wear prosthetics.
 And my little sisters, they we had a childhood without cameras and they didn't necessarily.
 And so sometimes they always wonder what if.
 And I'm like, OK, girls, let's do a what if.
 And so we did prosthetics.
 We went on like a TMZ type tour bus.
 Oh, no one knew who we were at first.
 And then they started figuring out our act.
 We like spoken accents for some reason.
 And we weren't solid the whole time.
 So I think we sort of don't ask me to do an accent.
 We blew our own cover.
 And yeah, but it was fun.
 And that stuff is it's fun, but that's a lot of work.
 I just try to avoid seeing them as much as I can.
 OK, the seventh reaper.
 Oh, wow.
 OK.
 Oh, my God, I'm literally sweating.
 But you're doing good.
 I know that you came in here with not much hot sauce experience.
 This has Carolina Reaper in it.
 That's probably that like deep pepper that you're feeling for many years.
 The hottest pepper in the entire world.
 And look at you handling that.
 No problem.
 Wow. Yeah, it's hot.
 OK.
 All right, Chloe, we have a recurring segment on our show called Explain That Gram
 where we do a deep dive in our guest Instagram, pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So we'll pull the picture up over here on the monitor.
 And we have an all fitness theme for Khloe Kardashian.
 Good. Love that.
 All right. First up, dug into the archives, dug into the archives for this one.
 Where does the Let's Get Physical Complex cover, where does it fall in your pantheon of favorite Khloe Kardashian magazine spreads?
 It's definitely the top five.
 I love that one.
 That might be the top three.
 Well, I'm sweating right now, so it's hard for me to count.
 So I would say the top three.
 This was, I think, the first time I ever did a cover that I was, I would say, really sexy on.
 I don't think I've ever done another cover like that, especially with my butt being more forward than my face.
 And so it was, but I loved it.
 I thought it was just a good, empowering cover for me.
 I felt really good and confident.
 Can you talk me through your back day in as much detail as possible?
 I'm going to be over here taking notes.
 Oh, my gosh. So this, I've been working on more chiseling my body.
 I like muscle. I don't just like to be thin.
 I think it's really empowering.
 And I get, I feel a sense of accomplishment after my workouts and knowing I'm working on parts of my body.
 So, yeah, I mean, you want like the real step by step.
 Yeah, yeah. I mean, you know, you can tell it is an eight lifts or you push pull like, you know, just give me give me some specifics.
 We do push and pull a lot.
 But every time for we start with cardio about five minutes,
 and then we'll either do full body days or we'll focus on just upper and abs or lower and abs.
 Abs are always involved.
 But it's a 24 hour recovery with the abs, you know.
 It's always, it's crazy.
 So trainers love to just do it every single day.
 They love to do it every day.
 But a lot of push ups, a lot of planks.
 We use a lot of weights.
 Nothing is really just calisthenics.
 It's sort of a little bit of everything.
 Are you ready to move on here to the back half?
 This is the collard and ghost here from Hot and Saucy.
 Oh, my God. This one. That's a 15 out of 10.
 I can't look ahead.
 Yeah, yeah. Don't psych yourself out.
 Don't psych yourself out.
 Holy shit.
 Oh, God.
 Oh, my gosh. I'm really sweating.
 My eyes are crying.
 Whoo.
 Okay, I'm with you.
 Right with you too. Right with you too.
 Okay. I need a simple water.
 So one of the themes, and we talked about it a little bit in the intro of season one of The Kardashians,
 is this anxiety that you feel about doing interviews.
 What are your thoughts on how celebrity is handled in the media these days?
 I'm listening, Sean. I'm right here with you.
 And then what do you think has changed the most in your nearly decade and a half in the spotlight?
 Oh, dear Lord.
 Whoo. How do people get the answers out?
 I know. It's a mystery to me too.
 I mean, I don't even know what people take away from this.
 I'm like, am I speaking English to you?
 Okay.
 I used to really enjoy doing interviews, and I would think it's fun,
 and someone might ask you questions you've never asked before, and that's exciting.
 And I'm always, I think, more dreading not the interview.
 I enjoy doing the interviews.
 It's the aftermath of what's going to come, who's going to chop this up
 and make this into something that it wasn't supposed to be.
 And I think it just takes the fun out.
 It takes the freedom of just talking so conversationally and innocently,
 and it makes it so thought out and premeditated, and that's just not,
 to me that's not, I don't like to overthink things too much.
 I just want to have a natural flow and enjoy the conversation.
 Huh.
 Oh, my.
 Mm-hmm.
 Holy fuck.
 Yeah.
 It's a different level.
 Wow.
 Oh, my God.
 It's always after.
 Whoo.
 Right.
 There's sort of a time delay on hot sauce, I feel like.
 Yeah. Holy crap.
 I'm right with you.
 I'm right with you.
 Finally.
 Oh, my God.
 Whoo.
 Okay.
 What are the hallmarks of a good hotspot celebrity restaurant?
 Like, is there something about Nobu Malibu or Craig's or Mr. Child
 that makes them especially conducive to dining while famous?
 Oh, my God.
 They probably don't have this range of hot sauce.
 Holy shit.
 Okay.
 I can do this.
 So, Nobu is definitely the atmosphere.
 There's nothing like having an early dinner.
 I'm, like, crying.
 There is nothing like dinner on the beach with that beautiful scenery,
 and you just -- I mean, the food is so fantastic as well,
 but the ambiance is great.
 Like, the staff, everyone is so sweet and great.
 I mean, I always have great experiences at these places, so I don't know.
 I really don't have a good answer for you.
 I'm also trying to hold back tears.
 That is a good answer.
 That is a good answer.
 I don't know if I'm even thinking.
 Oh, my God.
 Oh, God.
 Beyond insanity.
 The bomb.
 Great.
 Shit.
 Oh, my God.
 Oh, shit.
 Right away.
 Oh, my God.
 Oh, you got the milk.
 Oh, my God.
 I know.
 Why do people do this?
 This is always a part in the show I feel like I have to apologize for.
 Oh.
 Holy shit.
 I know.
 I know.
 It's a completely different level.
 Oh, my God.
 Oh, my God.
 My heart's racing.
 Yeah.
 It's transcendent, this sauce.
 Woo.
 Uh-uh.
 [coughs]
 That is crazy.
 See, once you've described yourself as a damn good hostess,
 is there a cocktail that you think would pair best with the wings of death?
 Shit, I'm literally crying.
 No, I know.
 It's fine.
 That's the point of this right now.
 Yeah.
 Oh.
 I can't talk.
 One minute.
 Take your time.
 Take your time.
 Fuck shit.
 I'm saying.
 Preach.
 Oh, my God.
 Okay.
 It's the craziest thing I've ever had.
 I guess some tequila.
 To kill you.
 Because this is going to kill you first.
 Holy shit.
 I'm not a big drinker these days, but when I do, I go full throttle.
 I'm not drinking because I enjoy the taste.
 I'm drinking because I'm trying to get somewhere.
 Get somewhere.
 Get somewhere.
 Hell yeah.
 So.
 But no, I normally just stick with tequila or champagne
 are normally my two choices of alcohol.
 Woo.
 Wow.
 Holy fuck.
 Is that the spiciest thing that you've ever eaten in your life?
 Ever had in my life.
 There's no way these are spicier.
 Well, there's only one way to find out.
 Oh, God.
 Oh, God.
 I'm so proud of myself.
 The psycho hot sauce.
 Yeah.
 From Australia.
 15 out of 10.
 Oh, from Australia.
 We know it's going to be hot.
 Oh, my God.
 I got this. Two left.
 Okay.
 You got it. You got it.
 Oh, my God.
 They're all hot.
 Oh.
 Oh, my God.
 So I've heard you say that all the makeup in the world
 can't make up for a good skincare routine.
 Mm-hmm.
 Is there an easy to follow skincare hack
 that you'd recommend for a hopeless dude like me
 whose bathroom cabinet is basically just shaving cream and bar soap?
 Lord.
 Yes.
 God.
 I love, like, Aquaphor, I think is great.
 I wear Aquaphor or Vaseline around my eyes every night.
 I think it helps with wrinkles and all that.
 That's really inexpensive and easy.
 I think whatever you do, just be consistent with it
 and always wear an SPF.
 Those are, like, really simple things, but always wear sunscreen.
 Hey.
 Always.
 Well, if you say Khloe Kardashian, then it's the truth.
 What are you going to do?
 You don't have to if you don't want to.
 Fuck.
 Whatever I'll do it.
 Hell yeah.
 I've already burned all my taste buds.
 Woo.
 Oh, God.
 Don't, yeah, don't set yourself out, though.
 Don't set yourself out.
 Shit.
 Okay.
 Cheers, Khloe. What a ride.
 Cheers. What a fucking ride.
 Okay.
 Oh, my God.
 I would have someone thrown up from this.
 Never?
 No, you'd break new ground.
 Okay.
 God.
 And the good news is, Khloe, that we've reached the final bell here of Hot Ones.
 Thank God.
 And now that you've worked your way through the gauntlet and survived,
 what I want to do is take from your experience
 how you think the other family members would do on Hot Ones.
 Like, tell you what they would do.
 My mom would kill it.
 But I think Kendall and Kylie are very competitive,
 so they would do it. That's, like, the Jenner quality in them.
 The rest of us would give up.
 But not you.
 Not me.
 Not you. Khloe Kardashian taking on the wings of death and living to tell the tale,
 and now there's nothing left to do but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 No.
 I'm just trying to make it through the end of this.
 Is this the last question?
 Oh, my God.
 What do I have going on in my life?
 I don't fucking know. Nothing.
 Like a show or a clothing line?
 Watch Hulu.
 And go to goodamerican.com.
 That was intense.
 Do you regret making it about Hot Sauce?
 I just ride the wave.
 For 18 years.
 If people would want to watch, like, an ice cream show with celebrities,
 but I think people just want to watch people burn their faces off.
 Yeah.
 But you made it.
 Oh, my God.
 Sean, you're really crazy.
 Hey, what's going on, Hot Ones fans?
 Thank you so much for watching today's episode.
 Now, I have an announcement to make.
 The first ever Hot Sauce for kids, Hot Ones Jr.,
 it just got a little bit hotter.
 You know the green, say hello to our brand new Hot Sauce, the yellow.
 A super mild Hot Sauce with sweet tropical heat
 from mango, pineapple, and scotch bonnet pepper.
 The yellow, it's ready to party with tacos, nuggies, heck, even ice cream.
 To get your hands on the newest Hot Ones Jr. Sauce,
 visit heatness.com, heatness.com, heatness.com to pick up the yellow.
 [music]
 (upbeat music)
