 I'm just so glad you asked me on your show.
 This is such an under-beer.
 [laughing]
 Oh.
 [dramatic music]
 ♪ ♪
 - Hey, what's going on, everybody?
 For "First We Feast," I'm Sean Evans,
 and you're watching "Hot Ones."
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Ciaran Culkin.
 He's an Emmy-nominated actor you know as Roman Roy
 on what, for my money, is the best show on television,
 "HBO's Succession," which returns
 for its fourth and final season on March 26th.
 Ciaran Culkin, welcome to the show.
 - Thanks for having me.
 - How are you around spicy food before we get started?
 - I have no idea.
 I don't really eat spicy food.
 I don't know if that--
 I think it's because I tend to not like it.
 - Mm.
 - I don't know if that--
 I have no idea what my threshold is.
 None whatsoever.
 - Well, then I guess today we'll put a real number to it.
 - I hate that. Let's do it.
 It's so scary.
 [dramatic music]
 ♪ ♪
 - Classic chili maple.
 Mm-hmm.
 Cheers. - Cheers.
 ♪ ♪
 - Well, that's lovely.
 ♪ ♪
 - So this forthcoming season of "Succession"
 marks the last final go-around with the Roy family,
 and I'm curious, at the end of a run like this,
 what's your relationship with leaving a character
 like Roman behind?
 Is it at all a relief,
 or does the whole thing just feel like a funeral?
 - Our last day of shooting was just a little over two weeks ago,
 and I feel like I've just been home and I've been busy,
 and I haven't had time to process it yet.
 I'm sure something like depression is gonna hit
 at some point.
 I feel like I really, really know this guy,
 and it's so much fun to play him.
 At the same time, I didn't want to do it forever.
 I didn't want to get to a place where I was bored with it,
 but I guess I just--
 It--to me, it feels like there's so much more I wanted to do,
 which is probably a good thing,
 instead of the opposite, which is feeling like,
 "Okay, I've done this already.
 Um...that's enough." You know?
 - Right, kind of like me with just the 20 seasons.
 - You should have cut it off a couple years ago.
 - I'm on the other side of the spectrum.
 You know, I'm like, "This thing's working for me."
 You know, like, "Let's just crank. Let's just do it forever."
 - Well, that's--I was--
 So, but then if it ended right now,
 how do you think you would feel
 if you were just at the place where it was like,
 you're just getting going, and it's feeling really good?
 - Yeah, but, you know, I don't know.
 Maybe I wouldn't even know who I was, you know?
 When you do it for so long. - Wow.
 Eight years, you said, right? - Eight years, yeah.
 - And, like, developmental kind of years.
 Maybe at all--and I'm like, "Well, who even am I?"
 - Yeah. - You know?
 - That sounds about right.
 You know, I've been at this for, like, six and a half,
 you count the pilot, so, yeah,
 I guess it's sort of a little bit of that.
 - Same page, same wavelength, Karen.
 - Yeah. - All right, are you ready
 to move on here to sauce number two?
 - What do we got? - Shaquanda's Banshee Ranch.
 - Love the name. Let's go it.
 Banshee Ranch.
 [upbeat music]
 ♪ ♪
 - Look at that. Lovely.
 Wow.
 Sorry, I'm gonna do another. Does that mean you?
 - Yep, that means me too.
 - Sorry, your colon.
 [laughter]
 Mm, that's good.
 - From an actor's perspective,
 what's the most unforgivable thing
 an audience member can do during a live stage performance?
 - I once--I did a play-- my first play,
 I was, like, 17, and it admittedly was...
 not good, let's say.
 And I could tell it was, but it was also my first play,
 and I was excited, and I liked it.
 It was a little bit like-- every time the audience was in,
 I had this feeling of, like,
 "I know this isn't good, but I like it, so shut up."
 Um, there was a little bit of that feeling,
 and the play, I have this, like, monologue
 sitting at the edge of the stage.
 God, when I think about this, this is really not a good play.
 I was sitting at the end of the stage,
 and I had to give this monologue,
 and it's written, "I take this long pause."
 And it was a matinee.
 There was this old lady in front of me,
 and I guess I just took an extra long pause.
 I just left it there, and she went,
 "Is that the end?"
 And it just echoed, and I just responded.
 I went, "No."
 And then felt, like, really sorry, like,
 "God, yeah, I shouldn't take a pause.
 These people want to get out of this play.
 They've been sitting here for an hour and a half.
 It's time to go. You're right. I'll speed it up."
 ♪♪
 You know whose episode I haven't seen?
 Michael Cera, who was really excited to do this.
 -It was in "This is Our Youth."
 -Yeah. -He was with you, by the way.
 -In the Australian one, too. -Yeah.
 -And the Chicago one, and the New York.
 He figured out Warren, son of a bitch.
 [ Laughs ]
 But he was, like, kind of nervous,
 and he was really excited to do the show.
 I still haven't watched his episode,
 but when it was done, I was like, "How was it?"
 He was like, "How were the wings? How was it?"
 It was fine. -Yeah, he was famously
 wholly unaffected. -Yeah.
 -You know what I mean? Like, just --
 It seems like they're just plain wings with no sauce on it.
 Cera's episode,
 Jenna Ortega recently. -Okay.
 -Halli Berry and Lorde are, like, the four episodes.
 That's like my Mount Rushmore of, like,
 "Did we forget to sauce the wings?"
 episodes of "Hot Ones." -I'm gonna watch the Lorde one now.
 Yeah. Well, he's also wildly competitive.
 -Mm. -But sort of, um...
 -An understatement. -Under the -- Yeah.
 Under the radar, sort of just,
 "I'll teach him a game that I've been playing for years
 and be like, 'Here, I'll sort of teach you how to play.
 It'll go easy on you,' and then he whoops my ass,
 and I can never beat him again."
 Like, he's just that guy.
 He plays, like, every instrument,
 and he taught himself how.
 He's like, "Fuck you."
 -Right, and then he comes here -- -So I can play better than you.
 -Great. -Then he comes in here on my show,
 handles the wings better than me. -Yeah.
 -It's like the guy can't stop sunken in people.
 -Stop being perfect. -Yeah. Come on, Michael.
 Get out of here. Fire.
 Without thinking about it too much,
 do you have an all-time favorite Roman expletive
 from the first three seasons?
 This is a YouTube show, so you can't let it fly.
 -Okay. Fuck shit, piss off.
 Let's -- A recent one, we're talking about Sandy Furness,
 whose health is waning,
 not doing too well, and it's a --
 Totally forgot about this line, and that it existed within the show.
 I say, like, Sandy is barely alive.
 You can tell him to go fucking eat his own diaper,
 and his only response would be, "Brah."
 I'm like, "Damn, that's brutal."
 Tell him to go, and I love the, like,
 the way it was written to be like, he doesn't know what he's gonna say.
 Like, go fuck himself, go eat his own diaper
 is brilliant to say about a man who's on the way out.
 Cool. So that one.
 ♪♪
 -I'm gonna -- Sorry. Gonna eat the whole thing now.
 -You know what? I already beat you to it.
 -It's time for -- -I see the pace that you're setting here already.
 -It's good. I didn't go back for a second bite of this,
 which wasn't really on purpose.
 I'll finish it later.
 It's got, like, a sweetness to it. I like it.
 -Mm-hmm. Yeah, and maybe even, like, kind of a step down
 from the last one a little bit. -Yeah.
 -Yeah, we're, like, shifting a little bit.
 -Shifting? -Shifting.
 -Drivers' stick. -Yeah.
 [ Laughter ]
 -So you've been to an estimated nine WrestleManias.
 Does being a performer yourself -- -I think it's 10 now.
 -10? -I think it's 10. I have to go back and think.
 -Which wrestler do you think would have been the most successful on Broadway?
 -Ooh.
 Batista was sort of like --
 He was sort of decent as a wrestler that I thought didn't have, like,
 the most appealing, like, screen presence as a wrestler,
 and then I saw him in "Guardians of the Galaxy,"
 and he blew me away. I was like, "This guy's so funny.
 Where the hell was this guy?" I guess he just --
 The character he was playing as a wrestler didn't have much humor to him
 and wasn't really that alive, and then it was --
 'Cause that's the thing, too, with wrestling.
 Once you find your character, that's the character you play for 30 years.
 That's it. You don't really, like --
 There can be some evolution, but that's sort of it.
 Whereas, like, then Batista got to play someone else,
 and he was great at that, and I've seen him in a few things since,
 and he's really good. I just didn't see that
 'cause of the character he chose to play as a wrestler.
 Yeah, kind of cool.
 I think we got some smoke going on like that.
 I think I like hot sauce.
 I think you do, too.
 That's good to know.
 This is kind of like --
 Good, 'cause I got a whole box of this shit at home now.
 You're gonna have more -- You're gonna have two boxes of that shit.
 Yeah!
 By the time this interview's over, sir.
 Sorry, Colin.
 Ooh. You have a new favorite.
 Wow.
 This and the Banshee Ranch.
 There we go.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 So, as a Saturday Night Live obsessive,
 I know that it was a real bucket list moment
 for you to host the show back in 2021.
 What can you share about the process or mechanics
 that go into putting together a monologue?
 'Cause yours did seem particularly personal.
 Yeah.
 Um, and they did say it was, like,
 Steve Higgins, I think, was the one who came up to me and said --
 He was like, "There's usually, when the host comes in,
 especially if it's their first time,
 there's usually one thing that they just focus on.
 It's, like, either a sketch thing or something."
 He goes, "But with half the people, it's the monologue."
 And that was the thing. I couldn't --
 I stressed out about that more than anything else
 because it was personal.
 I had some idea -- I threw out some idea
 that I can't remember now what it was,
 and then they came back with The Good Nights
 because of this whole moment where Kevin Nealon picks you up,
 and I said, "Actually, you remember that so well at the time,
 being, like, picking him up.
 Pick me up. I want to go up, too."
 Um, so the writers came up with that concept,
 and there was a lot of back and forth,
 and I just wasn't looking at the sketches
 'cause I was just doing that, which is why --
 It's just way too much to try to catch up on,
 so I just focused on the monologue.
 In the end, I was pretty pleased with it,
 just, like, even just the showing, the clip,
 and the fact that it was -- really was almost exactly 30 years to the day.
 It was, like, 30 years and two weeks
 or something like that since my brother had homesteaded.
 ♪♪
 The label, it looks like he's holding a cocky --
 Let's do it. [ Laughs ]
 You know what? I think it -- 'cause I'm --
 My lips are actually finally, like, warm.
 I think it's from the one before, the Ghost Pepper.
 Okay, Grove.
 It's a good thing you're not filming this.
 Well, I'm also making --
 I'm making a mess over here, too, by the way.
 I always have the grossest play setting at a restaurant,
 and I realized that when I first started dating my wife.
 I'm like, "She's really beautiful."
 I'm like, I'm -- I was, like, for the very first time,
 I was very self-conscious. I was, like, 29.
 I'm like, "Have I always been this way?
 Am I a disgusting eater?"
 And I've been paying attention since. I'm like, "I'm gross."
 At one point, we're at an Indian restaurant.
 I said, "Can I see your napkin?"
 She looked up. There's this, like, little thing in the corner,
 and I went -- I said, "Look at this," and I held it up,
 and it was just covered in sauce, and as I was holding up,
 the waiter came by, took it out, and gave me a new one.
 Like, "Oh, shit. I'm disgusting."
 But you know what? She married you.
 She did.
 Look at you, Karen.
 Yeah. Regretting it. I'm sure she is.
 Trying to harp with that name there, dreams of Calypso.
 Mushroom Mayhem. Boom. Guy with the big cock.
 Big mushroom cock down. Bam! Mushroom Mayhem.
 I didn't even think about it. Didn't think twice.
 It's lovely going in.
 Wow.
 The only one I haven't taken a second bite of was this one.
 And I did like it, though.
 And probably the next one, but I guess we'll see.
 This is the one.
 And it's the only one you haven't changed out.
 Yeah, right. That's the key.
 That's the lasting power if you're a hot sauce maker on Hot Ones.
 Make the most disgusting hot sauce scientifically possible.
 And we'll keep it on there for 20 seasons.
 We will keep it on there, baby.
 Call it Da Bomb.
 We'll keep it on there.
 And also, that was the first one that I felt was hot.
 Yeah.
 That one I can feel.
 There, in the tongue.
 You've joked in the past that the only time you ever really feel confident
 is when you're showing off your Nintendo skills.
 Do you have a definitive Mount Rushmore of classic Nintendo games?
 Classic, just NES cartridge?
 Yeah. Castlevania is number one.
 Play it all the time.
 Beat that fucker in like 15 minutes.
 When I rediscovered the game in my teens, I like accidentally--
 It's like a level where you have to go all the way to one end,
 go up a staircase and go like this.
 Whereas I just went to jump and I got hit by an enemy
 and it bumped me up there and I had to skip that whole thing.
 And I can do it consistently every single time.
 It's the little Medusa head that goes like this.
 You just time it out right, get bumped up.
 I don't even remember what the rest of that level looks like.
 It's a game I fucking hated as a kid and love now.
 Castlevania II Simon's Quest.
 You remember that one?
 That one sucked as a kid because you can't actually play the game
 without having to buy the guidebook.
 The game makes no sense unless you have the guidebook.
 There's like a part where you get to the end of the level
 and there's just a wall.
 Mike Tyson's Punch-Out.
 Which is good.
 Tough one to beat and you have to play that on an old school tube.
 You can't play Tyson on an HDTV.
 The timing is just-- it's like half a second off.
 Because he blinks before he throws the uppercut that's going to kill you.
 You have to play it on an old tube.
 There was a bar, Fools, that had a little promotion.
 It was like on Thursday or something.
 You used to play at that, right?
 Yeah, and they had a little-- it was up in the corner too.
 So they'd give you beer if you beat Mike Tyson.
 Picture a beer if you can beat Tyson.
 And they said, "We have the cheat code."
 I was like, "No, no, I know it."
 And I know the cheat code only by sound.
 I know it ends in 007, I think, or starts with 007.
 But I know it's--
 [beatboxing]
 [beatboxing]
 And then you just beat Tyson, that's no big deal.
 And then you get a free pitcher of beer.
 And you get that free pitcher of beer, which would maybe come in handy right now.
 It probably would.
 This next one is to bomb beyond insanity.
 Pass.
 I've seen people on your show do these like bullshit little nibble.
 Here it comes.
 Ah, fuck.
 All right, let's go.
 I'm excited.
 I hate you.
 That was not a nibble.
 No, that wasn't.
 No, it was a-- no, it was a-- oh, fuck.
 You're right, that doesn't taste good at all.
 Mm-mm.
 That doesn't taste good.
 No.
 I didn't want to swallow that.
 All right.
 I get-- I understand.
 I shouldn't chew it longer.
 I understand what you're saying entirely.
 I just try to rip through it, you know?
 Yeah, that sucks.
 Like the sooner I meet the experience, the sooner I'll be done with the experience, you know?
 Oh my god.
 Right.
 Uh-huh.
 You've done that 230-some-odd times now?
 Yeah, probably closer to 300.
 Fuck, you're a mother.
 Why would you do that?
 Anyway, that was fun.
 No problem.
 No problem.
 Oh.
 Yeah, it's crazy.
 There was like nothing until--
 Yeah, you know how--
 That was so-- that's such a--
 It seemed misleading.
 Yeah, it doesn't seem that long ago--
 Where's the pill, man?
 --that we were like talking about a nice little head high, you know?
 And then this comes in reversing the whole thing.
 Let me ask you a question.
 Under these trying circumstances--
 Yeah.
 --can you recall step by step how to make your grilled cheese?
 Your like drunk midnight snack grilled cheese.
 Have you heard about this?
 This was like Munster, and you got some garlic powder in there.
 Yeah, man.
 I just fucking made it up.
 It was actually-- there was this deli I used to go to with my friend, drunk.
 And we would just tell him to make sandwiches, and we would throw out different ingredients.
 And this one time I threw it out.
 It was so good, I made it at home.
 It was Munster with mushrooms that I sauteed with butter and teriyaki sauce.
 Put it on the Munster, and then you put a bunch of like garlic salt and garlic powder on the butter that you make the grilled cheese with.
 Very good.
 My favorite drunk sandwich was-- I don't like tuna sandwich.
 Best-- yeah, the best tuna.
 Best tuna. You can put whatever the fuck you want.
 You put like brie, salami.
 I want that.
 I want tuna, brie, salami.
 Fucking good, man.
 Tuna brie salami.
 Tuna brie salami.
 It's a good sandwich.
 Put some basil in there and some honey mustard.
 Don't nut.
 I came prepared with my Kleenex-a-ziz.
 Oh wow, you are fucking fired.
 Yeah, no, I get it. I get it.
 But the worst is over.
 How did Stone Cold Steve Austin do? I didn't watch it.
 Yeah, actually amazing.
 I love Stone Cold. I love Stone Cold.
 He was--
 I think I'm losing hearing in my ear.
 You know, like a lot of that.
 I hear ringing. I hear ringing.
 Like a lot of that sort of thing, you know?
 Wow.
 He strikes me as someone who can deal with hot sauce.
 Something about to go wrong here.
 These aren't laced with amphetamines, are they?
 All right.
 Mmm.
 Do people like you after the show?
 So, it's actually an interesting question.
 It goes all over the map, you know?
 Yeah.
 Sometimes there's people like,
 "You and I are going to have a talk after this," kind of situation.
 Like when we reach that point in the show,
 that'll happen every once in a while.
 But then even--there we go.
 Sounds good.
 This is actually cooling down the bomb.
 Right.
 I have to say, "Duh bomb."
 Fuck you with your shitty name, "Duh bomb," asshole.
 One of the great compliments I ever got about this show
 is after Seth Rogen's episode, he goes,
 "This isn't Famous Person Hot."
 You know, like you say,
 "This is an actually fucked up show."
 Yeah.
 But there ends up sometimes being kind of a trauma bond situation
 where then we become like friends.
 You know, like no matter where it slides and goes sideways
 emotionally over the course of this thing,
 when we get to the finish line, it's usually with a hug.
 You know what I'm saying?
 I get that.
 I'm actually--I want to go back to this one
 because it's the only one I haven't finished,
 and I need to cool down my mouth some more.
 I am cheating, but whatever.
 No, no.
 Well, that's lovely.
 That's like a scoop ice cream.
 Actually, it does.
 You guys are swinging a bat with like a donut on it,
 and then you take that weight off, and you're like--
 Fuck, I'm strong.
 Yeah.
 Here, that's awesome.
 Eat my shit.
 So I loved reading about this event that you do
 with the Succession writers called Dangerous Bangers,
 where you guys will screen movies that are bangers,
 but it's dangerous because you don't really remember
 if they were bangers or not.
 Yeah.
 What was it about Kurt Russell's '80s action film,
 Big Trouble in Little China?
 Why did you pull that?
 And then how did it hold up on a repeat viewing?
 Well, see, that movie is great, and I've heard people say,
 "Have you seen it lately?"
 I'm like, "No. Why?"
 I'll just leave it.
 But that's why it's a dangerous banger.
 That's why.
 I've been told, like, LA story I haven't seen since I was a kid.
 I've been told that one's dangerous,
 because I've heard mixed things about that.
 You want to know, I have a friend who recently watched
 Goodfellas for the first time.
 Didn't watch it when it came out, so it hurt all his hype.
 I was like, "That movie's terrible."
 I'm like, "Fuck you. That movie's amazing.
 I've seen it like eight times.
 When's the last time you saw it?"
 I'm like, "Yeah, whatever, 20 years ago."
 And then he just gave his review on it,
 and based on his review, I was like,
 "Oh, my God. Does that movie suck?
 I'm never going to see that movie again.
 I'm leaving that as a happy memory."
 But I feel like when I brought that up, people were like,
 "No, that's not a dangerous banger. You can revisit that."
 That's just a banger.
 I think so.
 The one thing I remember about it is him saying, like,
 "They call him Tony two times,
 because he always says everything two times."
 "I'm going to go get the papers."
 I'm like, "Yeah, that sounds awful."
 When you say it, like, out of context like that.
 All right, how much are you putting on this bucket?
 All right.
 Don't let it avalanche, but is this...
 Not coming out.
 That's too much?
 Well, wherever you go is where I go.
 Shit, I don't know.
 We dig our own graves in this show.
 Yeah.
 There it is. Cheers.
 Cheers, Karen.
 Yeah, shouldn't have told me to put less on there.
 And the good news is...
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 You invited me on the show.
 That's true.
 It's your fault.
 It's a party.
 You gave me the bomb.
 All right.
 All right.
 Here we go.
 All right.
 So, the good news is the wings, they're a distant memory.
 All right?
 But we're still...
 Not too distant.
 Have a little bit left to go on this stress test of hot ones.
 Okay?
 I'm going to put you to the test a little bit.
 Which you do.
 Because one of the things that you credit with being a childhood actor is your ability
 to memorize lines quickly.
 Are you about to test me here?
 Sane.
 It's almost like a parlor trick.
 I can look at a speech like once or twice and I can repeat it back pretty quickly.
 Fuck you.
 You're going to test me.
 But my guess is you've never done that under the stress of being slow roasted in hot sauce.
 So, if you'll humor us...
 God.
 We have a little monologue.
 Let it soak.
 To this gross abuse.
 Okay.
 I'll give it a shot.
 All right.
 All right.
 Loosely.
 Mm-hmm.
 Uh...
 Line?
 You're a sadistic lunatic, Sean Evans.
 There it is.
 Ah!
 Don't.
 I was kidding.
 You are a sadistic lunatic, Sean Evans.
 I know that you think I'm a sexy beast.
 And that's why you brought me here.
 So that you could look deep in my soulful eyes and watch me tear up as I ate the bomb.
 But I think you're a lovely man.
 Uh...
 But I am married.
 So pass.
 Was that close?
 And scene!
 Nailed!
 Look at you, Caryn Colgan, taking on the wings of death, living to tell the tale, and now
 there's nothing left to do but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 I don't know.
 Nothing.
 Whatever.
 I probably have stuff and things, but I got wings and hot sauce in my belly.
 That's my immediate future.
 And, uh...
 Yeah, I'm going to try to go home and parent after this.
 This is going to be fun.
 This is great.
 Thanks for having me.
 That's brutal.
 There was a word summoned in there.
 It was like, you are a...
 You're a sadistic lunatic, Sean Evans.
 These hot sauces are summoned from the bowels of hell and I will avenge this gross abuse
 of my taste buds.
 Trust me.
 I will put the bomb in your eyeballs and shove the last dab or the sun don't shine.
 That's my promise to you, Mr. Spice Lord or whatever it is.
 I'm pretty sure it was the sexy thing where you were flirting with me, you sick fuck.
 Yeah, yeah, no, that was totally it.
 Why?
 Da bomb.
 That was the biggest mistake.
 That was terrible.
 It's an awful idea.
 Why'd you do that?
 Because you're a dick.
 Never coming back.
 You're right.
 Good job.
 Good job.
 You did so good.
 Yeah.
 Thanks.
 Hello, I'm Camera Guy Bill.
 Well, I'm the kind of cowboy who likes to sauce his wings, but I need a brand new flavor
 to make these taste insane.
 Classic chili maple that's rolling down the line.
 All aboard.
 It's Canadian time, would you look at that coming round the bend.
 A dash of chili frizzles from smoking Ed.
 Sauce is loose, runaway caboose.
 Hotter than a babe on a moose.
 For a great Northern staple, try the classic chili maple made with real maple syrup.
 Make a yeehaw in your stirrups.
 Giddyup!
 First we face, got the sweet heat.
 Get on up and dance on your feet.
 First we face, got the sweet heat.
 Get on up and dance on your feet.
 Sweet and refreshing to keep your senses guessing with the tiny apple cider tons of buck and
 rodeo rider.
 Whoa there.
 Look out.
 Less hopes and fun, the honky tonks just begun.
 Get permission from your mom, go to heatness.com.
 For a great Northern staple, try the classic chili maple.
 Yee-haw!
 For a great Northern staple, try the classic chili maple.
 Sue it!
 Yee-haw!
 Y'all come back now.
 [music]
 [silence]
