 That's getting hotter.
 Yeah, definitely.
 That's the transition I feel like.
 Mm-hmm.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hey, what's going on, everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans,
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Malcolm Gladwell.
 He's the author of five New York Times bestselling books,
 including The Tipping Point, Blink, and Outliers.
 His latest, though, is The Bomber Mafia,
 which is out now, and more good news from Malcolm Gladwell fans.
 His massively popular podcast, Revisionist History,
 returns June 24.
 Malcolm Gladwell, welcome to the show.
 Thank you.
 I've seen your deep dive on tomato sauce before.
 How deeply have you explored the world of hot sauce?
 I would say on this range here, I'm
 probably comfortable down here.
 So I'm in the 20th percentile.
 And that's not a place I'd like to be right now.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BEEPING]
 Yeah?
 OK.
 No, I seem to be OK so far.
 [LAUGHS]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 So I think in part because of your brilliance
 in packaging them, some of your writing,
 whether it's the 10,000 hour rule or phrases like tipping
 point or maven, they've developed
 such a cultural currency that they
 get used by people who probably haven't read your books
 and might not even know who you are.
 Do you have a misapplication of Malcolm Gladwell
 that annoys you the most?
 [LAUGHS]
 Well, why would you be annoyed?
 Even if somebody is getting you wrong,
 they're still getting you, right?
 One of my favorite things is-- remember the book Freakonomics?
 Yeah.
 For some reason, everyone thought--
 That you wrote it.
 --that I wrote Freakonomics.
 At the beginning, I would say, no, no, no.
 You don't understand.
 I didn't write that book.
 That was Stephen Dumbner and Stephen Leavitt.
 And then after a while, I was like, you know what?
 Why am I fighting this?
 So now, it just happened to me a couple years ago.
 Some guy said, I love your books, man, Freakonomics.
 And I was like, yeah.
 I don't fight it anymore.
 [LAUGHS]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 That one's quite nice, actually.
 You know what would be a really cruel trick, by the way?
 Is to mix up the order.
 So you tell me it's going from mild to spicy.
 But then you put the spiciest one at the beginning.
 And I'm like, oh my god.
 Like, this is going to get worse from here.
 Right, or like a Russian roulette,
 where it's like randomized or something.
 Yeah, but you can't-- if you don't tell me,
 then I'm going to get--
 We don't do that.
 We don't play that game.
 Well, that's what you would say if you did do it, wouldn't you?
 That's how you would perpetuate the fraud on me.
 That is true.
 So I know that you've been a runner your whole life.
 And there are some world records in distance running
 that hold for decades, and others like the marathon,
 that seem to get broken every few years.
 As someone who's thought a lot about the optimal conditions
 for human achievement, what do you
 make of sports records that are broken,
 even though there's no rule change
 or technological breakthrough to drive improvement?
 Well, you know, there is this thing.
 I mean, it's well-remarked saying
 it was observed after Roger Bannister broke
 the four-minute mile back in 1954, which is there
 was a psychological barrier there.
 And once we were aware that, oh, a very nice medical student
 from Oxford, England, can run a four-minute mile,
 lots of other people realized they could do it.
 There's a similar thing going on right now in Japan,
 where the times coming out of Japan
 in the 10,000 meters in the marathon are crazy.
 But it's not that the fastest person is super fast.
 It's that insane numbers of people
 are running like one tiny bit below the fastest in the world.
 They just have numbers that we've never seen before
 at that level.
 And that's just-- that's clearly--
 there's some element of psychology there that lots
 of people realize, oh, I can-- this is something I can do.
 And then, of course, we're approaching the Summer Olympics.
 You know, that time, the one time every four years
 that track and field gets thrust into the mainstream spotlight.
 What to you is the most fascinating distance race,
 and why?
 I would say the 5,000 meters.
 Now, no one except for serious runners
 thinks the 5,000 meters is interesting.
 But it's like the first 10 minutes of that, nothing
 happens.
 And you're waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting
 and waiting.
 And then somebody pounces, right?
 They're all exhausted.
 They've all been playing these microgames for 10, 11 minutes.
 And then all of the kind of in a rush, like in a horror film,
 like the ending just goes pow.
 Like that's what happens in the fight.
 So you spend-- I get almost sick to my stomach,
 like waiting in anticipation for the first person to pounce.
 Speaking of sick to my stomach, I'm
 wondering if I should bring that up.
 All right, Tommaso.
 It says intensely spicy.
 I guess it was intensely spicy.
 I'm going to accept their verdict on that.
 Now, I'm wondering, does my mouth get numbed?
 We put these sauces together as a way
 to make that kind of reaction symphony.
 Oh, I see.
 It's very deep.
 It's very deep, Malcolm.
 There's a science behind the torture.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Did you ever have someone from the CIA on,
 and you guys could compare notes on your different strategies
 of torturing people?
 No, but I'm taking mental notes of all of this stuff, Malcolm.
 Always thinking about how we can advance the concept here.
 In the past, we've asked guests if they think memes are art.
 With you, I'm curious, do you think that memes are
 good tools of communication?
 I wouldn't call them art.
 Memes are a response to the demands of social media.
 Like, you have this opportunity not just to say something,
 but to show something, and also to reference popular culture
 in some way, to build on the shared
 experience of the people who will
 read that bit of social media.
 So there's a very, very clever response
 to those set of constraints.
 All storytelling, good storytelling, is exactly that.
 Like, why are we so interested in audiobooks?
 It's a response to the fact that people now go around
 with things in their ears.
 And it's like, well, how can I tell them
 a story in that moment?
 The answer is, I'm going to tell a story through their phone.
 So unlike most books, Bomber Mafia
 was conceived of as an audiobook.
 So from the very beginning, I said,
 I want to tell a story through sound.
 So it's a story about the Second World War,
 but we have tape of all these interviews
 with all these players.
 We have radio clips from the '40s.
 We have documentaries.
 We can wartime documentaries we can pull from.
 So when I describe a battle, an air battle or something,
 I can bring it to life.
 When I talk, there's a character in a book
 called Curtis LeMay, you have to hear him.
 He kind of has this guttural, grunting way of talking.
 You're like, oh, yes, this guy is ferocious.
 Bomber Mafia was a response to the fact that
 I can take you back to the air wars of the 1940s
 and just make you care about them.
 Like, that's what we're trying to do.
 (upbeat music)
 - Seems like the one before.
 Maybe I'm speaking too soon.
 Is this one, is this a late hitter?
 - I think we're still in a comfortable zone.
 And Malcolm, by my math, we've already done one full lap
 around any expectation you had for yourself.
 So, uh.
 - Yeah, yeah, but I know you,
 I mean, you're stacking, look at these ones.
 I mean, I have no illusions.
 You're just softening me up for the kill,
 that's all this is.
 - No, no, I'd never do that to you, Malcolm.
 I'd never set you up like that.
 So in a 2005 New Yorker column titled Brain Candy,
 you muse about Steven Johnson's theory that video games
 like Grand Theft Auto III may be undervalued
 in their ability to sharpen certain cognitive skills.
 Where do you fall on that?
 Like, do you think kids may be better off
 playing more Grand Theft Auto and doing less homework?
 - No, no, he was pointing at something that's,
 one of the most interesting and puzzling phenomenon
 in social science is that IQs had been rising
 pretty steadily over the last 10, 100 years.
 So your IQ is absolutely higher than the IQ of your parents
 and their IQ is higher than their parents.
 And your grandparents' IQ was higher
 than your great grandparents' IQ.
 It's not because you are inherently smarter,
 it's that every generation seems to be getting smarter.
 We don't know why, but there's certain kinds
 of abstract reasoning things where we're a lot better.
 Conceptualizing problems and pulling out principles,
 imagining scenarios.
 And Johnson's argument was that maybe some of that
 is video games.
 Video games do force you to make predictions
 about what's happening, to look at data and combine data.
 You think about it, I mean, you're constantly thinking
 about what do I need to do next?
 And you're not making a random guess,
 you're making an intelligent choice.
 So he said it's a kind of practice
 that would make you smarter.
 And if you had an entire generation of people
 who are doing lots of these video games,
 they're gonna be better at this kind of rapid
 data analysis, essentially.
 But when I was a kid, I played a ton of risk.
 Forming alliances and learning how to persuade people
 to go along with you and trying to figure out
 what's gonna happen two and three moves ahead.
 I think games in general are a hugely important
 educational tool.
 (upbeat music)
 Now it's funny, I'm mildly allergic to pineapple.
 I noticed there's pineapple and ginger.
 - We have reapers in here, we have scorpion peppers,
 we have all this stuff.
 The one that we really need to worry about is the pineapple.
 - Who knew?
 Yeah, no, my immune system will quickly, I think,
 be overwhelmed with other bigger concerns.
 (laughing)
 - Soon enough, Malcolm.
 All right, Malcolm, we have a recurring segment
 on our show called Explain That, Graham.
 We do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So we'll show you the picture on the monitor.
 You just tell us the bigger story.
 - You know, there are some really first class,
 I don't know if they're on my Instagram though.
 There's one of me with David Hasselhoff.
 - Oh, is there?
 - There it is, there it is.
 Me and the Hoff.
 The thing I love about this picture is,
 I have never looked so happy.
 I am so delighted with myself.
 I'm on a talk show in Sweden,
 and in Sweden, the Hoff is a kind of, I mean, he's God.
 I mean, he's on a level of celebrity
 that we can't even glimpse.
 And I was just so tickle pink to be on the same talk show,
 sitting next to the Hoff the whole time.
 And he's enormously charming, as you can imagine.
 The Swedish were much more reverential towards him
 than Americans might have been,
 which created a very interesting dynamic.
 Anyway, by the end of the evening,
 I was just beside myself with the thrill of this moment.
 And all I could think of is, oh my God,
 like, I just, I need the world to see me with the Hoff.
 It just needs to happen.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - All right.
 - That's getting hotter.
 - Yeah, definitely a step up.
 - That's the transition, I feel like.
 - This is a quote of yours that I love,
 and I'm just wondering if you could expand on it.
 "Critics take a more meta position
 "that isn't reflective of the audience."
 - Sometimes I think when I read criticism
 of not just my work, but of lots of people's works,
 is that the mistake critics make
 is they assume the audience is dumb.
 What?
 I don't, I never said why they assume that.
 I consume things all the time
 where I disagree with the writer,
 but I'm fine with that, 'cause I'm learning,
 I'm learning about the writer,
 I'm learning about the world, I'm learning,
 I'm being forced to kind of justify my own positions,
 or I'm just being entertained, right?
 Like, those are all legit reasons
 to read a book or listen to a podcast or listen to whatever,
 and critics sometimes assume that if you aren't
 feeding your audience some kind of simple, coherent,
 easy to digest line, you're doing them
 some kind of a disservice.
 It's just nonsense.
 The one thing people are not is dumb.
 (dramatic music)
 Oh, God.
 This one, I'm just smelling it, I'm seeing.
 Psyching yourself out a little bit?
 I'm just getting.
 So most people probably know you
 from your New Yorker articles or your best-selling books,
 but for me, I became a fan from your work,
 your sports takes on the "Curious Guy" column
 on ESPN's page two.
 With Bill Simmons.
 Can you enlighten our audience
 on why you believe that Brett Favre
 was more likely to make mistakes
 during a fourth quarter comeback
 than Joe Montana or Tom Brady?
 I am obsessed with heart rates.
 They are an under-appreciated predictor
 of a wide range of human behaviors.
 When you have these people who are forced
 to perform under pressure, the ones who really excel,
 very often they're just lucky enough
 to have really, really low heart rates.
 So I suspected that the Tom Bradys of the world
 have lower resting heart rates than the Brett Favres
 of the world.
 Is there anything that intrigues you
 about this bizarre last year of athletic competition?
 Like maybe how 13-year-olds missing this year
 of development, how that might affect the NBA draft
 in nine years or anything like that?
 I wonder whether there'll be a good thing.
 I feel very differently about academic preparation,
 by the way, but athletic preparation,
 it's not just a bad thing.
 I read something about someone was doing scans
 of the tendons of kids coming into the NBA,
 and their knees looked like the knees of 30-year-olds
 because they played so much ball.
 The mileage.
 Yeah, the mileage is just too much.
 I think probably should call a halt to that a little bit.
 Let's do this.
 Yeah, that's pretty nasty.
 Yeah, that's like a--
 my father would say, it's quite hot.
 So you've shared a lot of thoughts on the workplace,
 whether it's a podcast about hiring assistants
 or debating the merit or lack thereof in traditional job
 interviews.
 So what I want to do is hit you with a few commonplace
 workplace aphorisms.
 And I'm just curious how they hit your ear
 as somebody who oftentimes has a contrarian point of view
 on these sorts of things.
 From Guy Kawasaki, my theory is that A players hire people
 even better than themselves.
 It's clear, though, that B players hire C players
 so they can feel superior to them.
 If you start hiring B players, expect the bozo explosion
 to happen at your organization.
 Are people who are mediocre afraid of being shown up?
 I think sometimes.
 But most bosses I worked for in the past are like parents.
 They're like, if someone who works with them is a genius,
 they're just the happiest people in the world.
 They're constantly jumping up and down about,
 you have no idea, this kid's so smart.
 That's what I hear.
 I never hear, oh my god, this kid's so smart
 and it's bumming me out.
 Like, who says that?
 What kind of boss says that?
 I have the best assistant in the world, and I hate her.
 No one does that.
 That's just nuts.
 This one's from Simon and Garfunkel.
 Fake it till you make it.
 You know, is there room in life for a little bit of deception
 from time to time?
 Sure.
 Never, ever again, there'll be something about--
 [COUGHING]
 --someone lied on their resume.
 I always feel like that's the smallest possible crime.
 I had that episode of my podcast on hiring,
 and I said, I don't like to--
 [COUGHING]
 --I don't like to know where my people I hired went to college.
 That's my response to that problem.
 You don't have to lie on your resume
 when you apply for a job with me, because I'm not looking at it.
 You can say what you want.
 You can say you did your PhD on the moon.
 I'm not going to see it.
 So, you know, knock yourself out.
 One more for you.
 Statistics are like a lamppost to a drunken man,
 more for leaning on than illumination.
 That's from David Brent.
 Well, come on, dude.
 It depends on the statistic.
 If I asked your previous boss to rate you on a scale of 1 to 10,
 what's the statistic?
 Is that meaningful?
 Probably.
 Yeah.
 I wouldn't mind knowing that number.
 So it depends, I guess it was.
 You're now on to the number nine sauce.
 How are you feeling?
 Good.
 Scorpion Disco is not an encouraging label.
 No, we've reached that point in the interview
 where they're all just--
 All right.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 This sauce is from Rochester, New York.
 That's right.
 That lacks credibility.
 Where's the hot--
 oh, there we are.
 Shouldn't have had scorpion on my seat.
 But as someone who has a partial Jamaican heritage--
 A big commonly used pepper is the Scotch Bonnet.
 Do you ever have like those?
 Yes, I have Scotch Bonnets in my refrigerator.
 We freeze them, and then we--
 but you have to be very careful because most people can't
 tolerate them.
 Right, but you put yourself in the 20 percentile,
 but here you are freezing Scotch Bonnets.
 Yeah, I'm using like a tiniest bit.
 I mean, I'm exercising extreme.
 My favorite expression about it, I
 exercise an abundance of caution when it comes to Scotch Bonnets.
 So two of my favorite case studies in the tipping point
 are the resurgence of Hush Puppies
 and then the rise and fall of Air Walk as like a cool kid
 brand.
 And it really had me thinking about sneaker hype today, which
 has absolutely exploded.
 And now the coolest sneakers are oftentimes
 these limited releases that get bought up by bots online
 and then sold in the secondary market at like 2, 5, 10, 15,
 20 times what they cost in stores.
 Is that tenable?
 I think people have gotten really smart about managing
 that marketplace and keeping it intimate.
 And I mean, no one's trying to blow these sneakers out
 and make a million pairs.
 They understand, I think--
 I think people have gotten a lot smarter about how
 to manage these little kind of--
 these little niche things that people do
 or that Nike occasionally will do like some Air Jordan thingy
 or whatever have you.
 But those are incompatible approaches.
 And I often think about this with my books
 that people who write books like mine
 have the same decision to make.
 What are you trying to do?
 Are you trying to appeal to a very narrow band of specialists
 or are you trying to appeal to the kind of the casual reader?
 And that's a choice that conditions a lot of decisions
 that you make in how you tell the story
 and how you write the book.
 And you can't please both groups, right?
 Got to pick.
 All right, Malcolm Gladwell, it's that time.
 So this is the last dab.
 We call it the last dab because it's
 tradition around here to put a little extra on the last wing.
 You don't have to if you don't want to.
 Wait, you just piled it on.
 I'm a little out of practice.
 This is-- I don't know where it airs in the season,
 but this is the first shoot that we've
 had back in the studio since Justin Timberlake more
 than 12 months ago.
 So I think I'm just a little out of practice,
 but you don't have to.
 I thought this is-- this is where
 I'm going to get my comeuppance.
 I'm going to collapse.
 You look like you're--
 I'm sweaty.
 And you're going through it.
 You're in distress.
 You're in distress.
 Somewhat.
 Somewhat.
 [LAUGHS]
 All right, Malcolm Gladwell, we have slayed the hot sauce
 goliath.
 But before we get you on your way, just one more question.
 You've been consistent about your willingness
 to be inconsistent and change your mind.
 And I love this quote.
 "The older I get, the more I understand
 that the only way to say valuable things
 is to lose your fear of being correct."
 What do you feel is your biggest, most meaningful flip
 flop to date?
 Oh my god.
 Probably my most meaningful flip flops are on people.
 In fact, a number of my friends are
 people who I did not meet upon-- did not like upon first meeting.
 And that's been-- and the trick there is super simple,
 which is you meet someone you don't like them,
 just don't say anything.
 Don't tell anyone.
 Don't tell them.
 Just smile.
 And then go home and think about it.
 And then meet them again and start from zero.
 And once you know that all I know
 is that my first impressions of people are just really terrible.
 So I just throw that out.
 I mean, just throw that out.
 Like, not helpful.
 Malcolm Gladwell walks in 20% looking at you
 from across the table, putting me to shame,
 taking on the wings of death and living to tell the story.
 And now, Malcolm Gladwell, there's
 nothing left to do but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, that camera, that camera,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 I have a book that has just come out called "The Barber
 Mafia," which is an incredible, I think, audiobook, which
 you can get at thebombermafia.com.
 And then I have my new season of "Revisionist History" coming up
 June 24.
 So lots of things in the hopper.
 I hope you're OK.
 A little concerned about you over there.
 But sleep it off.
 Maybe next time you'll have a better experience
 with the hands up.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [APPLAUSE]
 Great job, Malcolm.
 Great job.
 [APPLAUSE]
 I think the pineapple actually is the thing that--
 the only thing that threw me for a loop.
 But my mouth just got numb, and so I just
 stopped tasting anything.
 That's the hack.
 My nerve endings just got all dulled.
 It's quite hot.
 Hey, what's going on, everybody?
 This is Sean Evans checking in with some very exciting
 first-week feast news.
 Now, when I'm not over here choking down chicken wings
 on hot ones, I happen to be a huge pizza guy.
 Sicilian, Neapolitan, deep dish, dollar slice, frozen pizza.
 I love it all, which is why I'm excited to announce
 that "First We Feast" has a brand new show, Pizza Wars,
 where pizza master Nicole Russell takes
 on contenders in a battle royale of different pizza styles.
 I'm on there judging the deep dish episode naturally,
 but the show has other great guests as well,
 including buddies like Babish and Frank Pinello.
 But that's enough chit chat.
 Let's let the sizzle reel do the talking.
 All right, roll the tape.
 The misconception is that if you get a lot, it's good.
 Bite for bite, this is the best eating experience I've ever
 had on one of these things.
 My opponents and I will be taking on a new pizza
 themed challenge every episode.
 I wish that I could give you both trophies,
 but they only gave me one.
 Do you guys have an extra?
 They don't have an extra.
 Don't get it twisted.
 This is a competition, and I want to win.
 But I'm also here to catch up with a few of my friends.
 I couldn't have done this episode with nobody else.
 Learn some new tricks to use at home.
 You got to slice the garlic thin, so thin
 that it liquefies in the pan.
 Nona, thank you for that.
 Thank you, Nona.
 And eat a whole bunch of pizza.
 Salute.
 Hee-haw!
 Oh my god.
 Wow.
 This is what you want, man.
 So get ready, people.
 Pizza Wars is coming.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [music fades out]
