 We just hit the moment where neither one of us want to go take a number one
 and touch our you-know-what because we will now know why it would be burning.
 Hey what's going on everybody for First We Feast I'm Sean Evans and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings and today we're joined by Matthew McConaughey.
 He's an Academy Award-winning actor you know from films like Magic Mike, Dallas Buyers Club,
 Interstellar and countless others. His latest project however is a memoir titled Greenlights
 which is set to release on October 20th. Matthew McConaughey welcome to the show.
 Hey good to be here Sean I'm hungry too.
 Well speaking of hungry I saw that jalapeno loaded cheeseburger that you made with Aaron
 Franklin earlier this year so I take it you're a guy who likes the spicy food.
 I do like spicy food I mean look I've been able to travel around the world pick out different
 spices all over. I'm not the guy that chases down the ghost pepper to just see how much I
 can tolerate which might be what I'm going to be doing here in the next hour but I do like a little kick to my food.
 Classic garlic fresno.
 Easy on the nose.
 Mmm-hmm.
 Mmm-hmm.
 Garlic up front.
 Mmm-hmm.
 Not too spicy.
 Comes on the second gear let you know it's got a little hit to it.
 So I want to start by talking about your upcoming book Greenlights which you describe as a love
 letter to life chock full of stories and memories from keeping a diary for over 36 years and you
 really went full Henry Thoreau at Walden Pond to write it holing yourself up in the desert for 52
 days with no electricity. Do you typically seek out that level of solitude when you're writing?
 Pretty fond of taking backpack trips on my own to places where nobody knows my name and they don't
 speak the language for 22 days or less or more. So that's a form of solitary confinement you go
 someplace where nobody knows your name and they don't speak the language. So to write this I've
 been daring myself to open that treasure chest of diaries and actually go see what the hell it all was
 if I could make a book out of it for years and finally I got a little time off that treasure
 chest of diaries started barking at me going come on McConaughey I dare you, dare you. About the same
 time my wife goes you know what you got to do get the hell out of here pack everything up so I packed
 up my food, my water, my booze and I loaded all my diaries in and went out to a cabin in the middle
 of the desert. What happened in those diaries where they fell into seven categories they were
 stories, people, places, poems, prayers, prescribes and a whole lot of bump stickers and so I was like
 okay there's my seven column there's my eight columns. Then I went back home checked in on
 my honey do's did my work caught up and then popped out for another 12 days. So I did it five different
 times for about 10 to 12 days a piece. This is a very good looking label by the way Dawson's
 that's actually sweeter than the first one. Oh that's a winner already I'm gonna move that out
 front a little bit. Dawson's that's real good. So in 2019 you were minted as the Minister of Culture
 at your alma mater the University of Texas which as I understand it is a position that kind of
 oversees the intersection of tradition sports and commerce within the athletic department.
 When you took that position what were some of the specific changes that you thought needed to happen
 in order to define a culture within that capitalistic ecosystem of major college sports?
 Yeah so within the university it started off with me saying look the same values that create
 a championship team on the field are the same values that can create a champion in the classroom
 that can go off and do good through their education and learn to be an expert at something. So let's
 get those aligned and then it worked its way into sort of architecture and interior design of our
 new arena. What's the relationship for the crowd with the team? How do we make it the first place
 that any band wants to play in the world but the last place any visiting team wants to come play?
 Well a lot of that's engineering. Where's the student section? How close to the floor? What's
 the pitch? Is it standing room only? Where is it standing room only? How can you be up in the cheaper
 seats but still have a great experience in the arena and not just be up in the cheap seat? How
 can each area of the arena have a different experience? How do we make sure we're bringing
 local retailers food and beverage from Austin into the arena? Things like that and then I'm also
 working with Austin FC our new football club soccer club doing the same stuff.
 [Music]
 Oh by the way that little one I was saying is so sweet a minute ago halfway into me talking you
 had a little late came back in overtime and kind of sort of got a little spicy.
 [Music]
 Okay.
 [Music]
 It's almost a morbid Jamaican jerk. Got a little sweetness plus pepper in it.
 So Matthew you've been so prolific in film over the last 25 years it'd be
 impossible to check every box but we'll try to hit some highlights here while you enjoy that wing.
 I read that Christopher Nolan refused to use green screen while making Interstellar. What's the most
 jaw-dropping set you saw actually physically built for a scene in that film?
 The tesseract. That again wasn't a green screen. I was dealing with a physical tesseract and they
 were I'd push off of it and I was on the pulley and I was 80 feet above the ground swinging out
 and then they'd swing me back and we rehearsed that quite a bit just so it could be done safely
 and look like zero gravity but the tesseract was a massive set that was built. So many other things
 you think Nolan does massive? Not. When you have like Cooper falling through space Nolan's over on
 on like a there's a tripod and there's a like a 12 foot metal pipe and I just strapped to that and
 Nolan's on the other side of a seesaw just maneuvering it left and right. He's like he was
 like he was in film school at university and that's and that's what you could come up with.
 Which was a more nerve-wracking on-set experience? The on-stage thong scene and Magic Mike are
 petting a live tiger in gold. That's a great question. I gotta go with Magic Mike because
 somebody somebody's hand when I was down there went a little far and I and I was like oh this
 is about to be it and I snuck out of there I snuck out of there just in time to come out as
 covered as I could be. Yeah now touching that damn tiger was a different kind of buzz. I remember
 the heartbeat started racing a little bit right there. And then finally you've been in some of
 the most beloved and highest grossing rom-coms of all time. What are the hallmarks of a good
 romantic comedy? Like when they work what makes them work? Yeah here's what it is. So listen I've
 thought a lot about this because we all know it's going to happen in the rom-com. Boy meets girl,
 uh some reason they break up, boy chases girl, cop sawed a moped or a bridge or somewhere at the end,
 boy catches girl, they get together at the end. We know that's the story. So what we got to do is say
 can we enjoy that journey if we already know where the story's going to end up? It's really so
 important about who the two leads are. Here's the here's the third thing a good one has. It lets the
 audience in on a joke that one of the characters doesn't know. Meaning if you for people that enjoy
 How to Lose a Guy they would enjoy it when they the audience knew something and I my character knew
 something how I was going to dupe Kate in a scene when she didn't know it. So they were in on the
 joke oh you gotta get her and then vice versa when the audience was in on something with her character
 where she was duping me the audience is having a whole lot of fun going yeah yeah he's about to
 get screwed over you know that was a lot of fun in the interactivity that I think people enjoy about
 rom-coms when they do enjoy them. Angry goat, goat rider. Got a little molasses in it. Yeah and a little more kick I think than the first three.
 Yeah especially yeah comes in low and longer.
 Angry goat. You figure an angry goat that was a kick yeah. So I know that you're a highwayman at
 heart sometimes driving 1700 miles on a whim and uninterrupted and I know that in the early 2000s
 you went from concert to baseball game to wherever the wind took you on an Airstream trailer you
 nicknamed canoe. Which part of the country besides your beloved Texas did you find the friendliest
 most down to help you with directions type people? People like to say that like New Yorkers are you
 know rough they don't want to help. I've always found New Yorkers to be great at like helping
 with directions. Now mind you New Yorkers aren't looking to see looking for people to say hey can
 I help you? No they're on their way doing something but when you stop one and get their attention I
 always found they get great direction. What I find most interesting about your experience in particular
 is you were doing this before there was like ubiquitous internet and cell phone coverage
 but you were really just right there in the middle of your career. What's like the biggest
 hot shot Hollywood meeting that you ever did at like a roadside rest stop or at a campsite? Yeah
 well see this is what I would do so if I had a big meeting and I did have quite a few
 I would pick directors up in one place and then drive towards my destination drop them off at the
 airport there and they fly out. It was always fun when like I was headed towards somewhere
 real cool and be like oh I'll just come pick you up in Vegas as I'm pulling out or you know
 Roger Clemens is pitching three nights from now I'm gonna I'm headed up there to go watch him
 pitch or King De Leon somewhere playing in a concert I'm actually heading there in three days
 hop in I'll drop you off and those are all I hit every single state besides North Dakota.
 I got a feeling this is gonna sneak up a little bit.
 Okay let's see. All right.
 I like the setup and I got a feeling my sentences about to start getting shorter.
 All right Matthew we have a recurring segment on our show called Explain That Gram where we do a
 deep dive on our guest's Instagram pull interesting pictures that need more context so I'll show you
 the picture. You just tell us the bigger story. Yeah. First things first you were on the sidelines
 at the 2006 Rose Bowl game which many sports writers call the greatest college football game
 of all time. What is your lasting memory of that? Vince Young when he was playing it was almost like
 14 versus 11 and you saw he did that national championship game against USC. He had such poise
 in that game and was having so much fun he was able to be so present in that game that there was
 a television timeout in the third quarter when we were down by about 10 points I don't know what it
 was they brought out three USC alumni on the opposite end of the field to just sort of be
 the credit they were going to announce their name and the crowd was going to go great alumni they
 achieved these things. Vince left the huddle ran down took off his helmet and shook all their hands
 and met him and the ref had to come home and go hey we gotta get back to the game we're starting
 he's like oh yeah that's how present that guy was he knew we were gonna win that game he knew we
 were going to score on that final drive when we did beat USC he knew it arguably the best one of
 the college players there's ever been. When we had Justin Timberlake on the show he said you have to
 get Woody Harrelson on Hot Ones. You've described him as one of the last wild men walking on earth
 and a longtime friend what's going on in this picture? Oh yeah that's my brother right there
 so obviously so you know this is uh I would say this is probably uh towards the am
 towards the beginning of an am or maybe just into an am uh um
 oh I love it and where there is you don't hear it but there is uh I think Metallica's playing
 extremely loudly on major concert size speakers and Lars Ulrich may be there just outside of the
 frame and a few other people uh that that are in the rock and roll business and uh we are breaking
 a sweat on the dance on the dance floor even though there's really not a dance floor um we're
 breaking sweat getting it out right now shaking and shaking our tail feather put some elbow grease
 into it all right when did this little guy here heartbeat hot sauce Thunder Bay Ontario
 I got a good friend from Thunder Bay. What's up, Rapinoe? So some fans watching this might be
 surprised to learn that you actually teach a course at the University of Texas called Script to Screen
 which follows the process of making a film from its original screenplay to the movie that audiences
 ultimately experience in theaters. What are some of the things that would surprise people about the
 science behind the magic of making a film? So after doing this for 28 years man I really started to
 notice that boy that product that we put out on the screen that you go to the theater and see
 or turn on your tube and see very different from that original script I read a year ago or two
 years ago because I always thought well you see the written script it has to be exactly that we
 have to shoot exactly what's on the page and no I learned started learning that from Richard Linklater
 my very first film Day is Confused it's a collaboration there's one director but you
 take inspiration and ideas and good ones from wherever they come from whether it's the PA or
 whether it's the actor or whoever you take you look at the scene you're in you take inspiration
 you work with what you have and it became much more of a fun process to direct and be a part of
 a movie like that what I said is look I want to take these film students chronologically through
 first script a second strip a third script a fourth strip a shooting script first edit and a final
 picture that you see how you can maybe run out of money and have to lose one of the big action
 scenes that was your favorite scene because you don't have the money for it and have to rewrite
 something else to see how oh someone like myself three lines in the first movie read the day's
 confused script which we're that's the script word script screen doing in our class right now
 in Texas you'll see that you'll see that I was in like three scenes had three lines and you're gonna
 be like whoa he ended up being working for three weeks he was all Wooderson was all through that
 movie vice versa you may see someone who had a big part and then you go see the movie and you go
 what happened to their part it's much smaller now so you just see where all the changes are
 so it's sort of that's when I say putting the signs behind the magic of movie making
 it's letting these different students know the different ways that films
 and movies and tv shows go from the script to finally get the screen
 with seven sauce hellfire
 little smokey in there yeah yeah so not since we had Shia LaBeouf on the show have I had a
 more pressing urge to fact check the folklore surrounding a guest as I do right now is it true
 that the patron saint of Hot Ones himself Guy Fieri catered the after party of your wedding
 fact yeah man guy's great guy guy reached out um we hooked up probably
 I don't know 10 years ago and remained in contact um he actually I introduced him when he got his
 walk in the hall of fame here recently just a few months ago he also jammed in cook burgers at my
 50th birthday yeah he's been a good bud man and uh yeah he loves to get on some spice okay that
 was just okay number seven just got sneaky and starts to get heated outside the lines this is
 the first time my lips and things that this is one you don't want to either one we just hit the
 moment where neither one of us want to go take a number one and touch our you know what because
 we will now know why it would be burning okay very smart very smart and wait till you try the next one
 factor fiction you once collected every bad review that you could find about yourself and
 then read them obsessively as a way to like improve as an actor yeah I'm just learning
 to see if what I thought I was doing was how it was coming across I gathered up all my bad reviews
 and it was a it was a thick thick notebook and I found some of people to be very constructive I
 sound found some other ones to be like oh this person it didn't matter they already wrote this
 review they didn't like me they wrote this review before they even came in the movie
 and then I found a lot of to be very funny um but funny in a good way um and I got some good tips I
 learned more from my bad reviews than I did for my good ones is it true that you lost a lawsuit
 against a skin cream company because you won most attractive senior in your yearbook so true in the
 stories in the book I give you a short version my mom starts peddling this stuff called oil of meek
 it's just door-to-door sales and it's it's it's this oil you put the spink all over your face
 it'll bring out the impurities and whatever impurities you have it'll bring them out and
 they'll be gone forever and you have beautiful glowing skin for the rest of your life do it for
 three weeks straight I get full-blown acne unrecognizably swollen head I go to the
 dermatologist he's like what are you putting on your face I go here's this oil and make it goes no
 you're 15 years old and you're it's clogging your pores this is for people 40 years and older
 well my dad goes gosh damn we ought to no no no no no young man should be young adolescent be
 taking this stuff we're gonna sue that company so he goes to his a lawyer we didn't hear you
 just oh we can get 35 to 50 000 this is emotional distress Matthew were you emotionally distressed
 during this time like oh yes sir was your confidence lower oh yes sir was it going as
 well the girls no sir oh this is emotional stress we can get 50 grand well as you know
 lawsuits take a while so a year and a half go by I'm now in the deposition and the defense attorney's
 talking to me and he starts off he goes this must have been so emotionally distressed with you Matthew
 and I'm sitting there going geez he's giving me a softball knocking the south parking yes it was
 but I'm sitting here going to change all of a sudden he pulls out from the table that's your book
 earmark slides it over in front of me turns it around opens it up and it was a picture of me
 from that year my senior year I had won most handsome my dad was like gosh damn you buddy
 he goes we were gonna make fifty thousand dollars you gotta go off and win most handsome come on man
 it's great so yeah we lost we like we like those suits we just we're not very good at
 picking the right litigations in our family
 the bomb beyond insanity with a caution okay
 okay I'm not gonna oh yeah okay you start to notice that these get to be a little less about
 taste and they start to go right to your tonsils a little bit
 and I don't know if it matters what the hell we were putting them on
 okay number eight just reminded me that yeah you don't want to you don't want to buy a
 filet mignon or a rib eye to put this on you might as well get the uh uh
 here we go so one of my favorite Matthew McConaughey quotes is to understand me you
 need to understand text and logic and I'm not sure how aware of this you are these homespun
 McConaughey isms they've inspired been shared and memed to a point that they're almost their own
 internet language so in order to better understand I'd like to just bounce a few off of you and get
 an interpretation from a man himself no matter who you're in bed with you're only sleeping with
 one person yourself fact all right think about it no matter who's next to you the only one person
 sleeping on your pillow one person can't get rid of us better shake hands try and get along next
 I'm the best advice that you've ever received I've had thousands of crises in my life
 and most of them never happened yep don't do false drama real drama's coming let it slide a lot of
 times it ain't a crisis if we just don't give it credit it's important to realize that fame is a
 dance and I'd like to think I've got my dance down better now but my favorite fans are usually the
 dave fans that we're walking down the street I'm walking one way they're walking the other
 and they'll say man you got a joint and I'll hear it and I go be a lot cooler if you did
 and we both cackle and we never even looked at each other and just cackle through the streets
 and then other people in the street start laughing too that's my favorite thing
 hey did you bite as big a bite as I did that that's very serious so are the next two be very careful
 be very careful so this next one is the chipotle express
 pucker butt
 oh
 very earthy yeah earthy earthy sound earthy be nice right now
 ah so recently it was announced that you'd be voicing hank the cowdog in a podcast adaptation
 of the classic children's book series hank the cowdog was apparently a big part of the
 childhood of a lot of people that work here on first we feast what can you tell the people about
 legendary cowboy storyteller john r erickson well i got turned on hank the cowdog by jeff nickels
 the director of mud so he brought them to me a couple years ago and turned me on to him so i
 listened to a lot of series so what you got is hank the cowdog this cowdog whose head haunts
 you on the ranch and you know thinks he's god gift to ranching and isn't always right tells
 out these tall stories and shares a few lessons along the way and you get to laugh at him being
 the uh sort of hero that he becomes in very funny ways as well we're getting them running
 to different school programs where the students and young kids are learning the lessons of hank
 the cowdog and the ranch hand stories in the classroom how about that i got that out
 and this last one huh last tab
 ah oh yeah oh yeah
 yeah babe i'm babe okay matthew mcconaughey yeah here we are at the end of an extremely spicy
 feast and we've covered a lot of ground from your new book green lights to the movies that you've
 made and we've soaked up a lot of wisdom along the way but i want to close by talking about your
 spiritual side i know it's very important to you and to focus it this 2008 quote i want to be
 reincarnated as a jaguar they're the coolest animals in the world do you remember how you
 first experienced a profound connection with the jaguar and why do you want to live like one
 as one in another life anybody think i might have been hanging out with woody when i said that one
 jaguars just always been you always been my favorite animal i don't know why i hunted down
 a jaguar in the in the jungles of peru and down into the order down the otabamba river
 on the amazon did day tracks and night tracks never touched him until i got to gold the movie
 but did you track one oh check this out pet the jaguar and gold i noticed on the call sheet it
 happened to be the last scene in the movie i'm a producer on the movie but i go this is very
 smart scheduling but does anyone want to talk about why this is the last scene in the movie
 like well if something does happen we'll have it in the camera in the movie i was like
 that's good scheduling here we go well you know what i'm happy that you survived that scene and
 i'm happy that you survived today's meal and look at you matthew mcconaughey working your way through
 the wings of death and now there's nothing left to do but roll out the red carpet for you this
 camera or possibly a camera b if you've set one up let the people know what you have going on in your
 life what i got going on in my life gang is i'm trying to make it through this whole covet thing
 like the rest of it's trying to keep a pulse on with the smart things to do i hope you're wearing
 a mask out there because i'm ready to party again too like you are the best way we can do that is
 wear one when we get out in public what have i been doing right now i'm on a tour going to sell
 my favorite piece of art i've ever put out called green light it's a book i wrote as you heard from
 sean i went away 52 days solitary confinement came out of the desert with something i'm really
 honored with it's funny it's got some wisdom bombs hopefully it's going to help everyone go
 one have a good laugh to maybe learn a little something get inspired but also what green lights
 are about man it's about turning them on and turning some yeses on in our own life and other
 lives hopefully we can all we can go away from the book and go in our life being more green lighters
 ourselves man and create some more opportunities for ourselves and others and that sir is a honey hole
 good job
 i got all that out between the heat
 oh
 so let's keep rocking catch more of these enjoyed it sean see you next time thanks for having me
 hey what's going on hot ones fans this is sean evans checking in to say thank you so much for
 watching today's video and i have very exciting news the newest member of the last dab family
 is finally here say hello to apollo the last dab apollo here's my 30 second review for what it's
 worth this is the hottest last dab sauce that we've ever made by a lot i'm actually not even
 sure if that's a selling point but it's just fair warning the last dab apollo it has that deep rich
 complex flavor profile that smoking that is known for deep heavy diesel pepper big extreme heat
 you don't have to if you don't want to but if you want to heatness.com heatness.com
 heatness.com to get your hands on the last dab apollo around here we call it the gold label
