 Oh my god, I've never blown my nose on camera.
 [laughter]
 Breaking new ground here.
 Oh my god.
 Hot Ones season 21.
 [laughter]
 [music]
 Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Melissa McCarthy.
 She's an Academy Award nominated actor
 whose resume includes everything from beloved TV sitcoms
 to record shattering comedies
 and acclaimed dramatic performances.
 You can also catch her as Ursula in Disney's The Little Mermaid
 which is set to release in theaters on May 26th.
 Melissa McCarthy, welcome to the show.
 Thank you. See you tomorrow.
 [laughter]
 Have you ever had anyone just leave right away?
 No, you know what? That would be a new record.
 God, I should have done it right on the ask.
 You had your chance. You had your chance.
 But here you are, trapped. You're a hostage on the show now.
 I know.
 How are you around spicy food before we get started?
 Terrible. I have no threshold for spicy at all.
 Which would make this one of my worst choices in life
 and I make kind of bad choices.
 So this is saying something.
 I don't get nervous for a lot of things.
 I'm so weirdly nervous.
 Okay.
 That's one?
 Mm-hmm.
 [laughter]
 Okay, I can tell. Oh, it's getting...
 But it's warming up.
 Yeah, a little bit. A little bit.
 Okay.
 We're in for one today.
 Okay, that's tolerable.
 There we go.
 This is how they get you. Right?
 Because now I'm like, all right.
 No, actually, I think maybe you're just a natural, Melissa.
 We'll see where this goes, but I think you might be a natural.
 Thank you for that lie.
 I can see it in your eyes. I can see it in your eyes.
 So anecdotally, The Little Mermaid has to be top five
 Disney movie soundtracks of all time.
 From your perspective, what was the most important thing to nail
 while tackling the iconic poor unfortunate soul's number?
 I mean, the whole vibe of her.
 I think there's something about The Little Mermaid
 that I feel like people have ownership in
 and they feel like it's their story.
 And so many different generations have already kind of claimed it as their own.
 And, you know, Pat Carroll killed it.
 I mean, her original performance and song is just so iconic to me.
 And I loved it.
 But it took a minute because I was so scared to sing.
 Right.
 I'm not a singer.
 So to do that is like, I mean, it's kind of like...
 I mean, it felt a little bit about like I had somehow got put on the Lakers.
 Now you got to shoot, now you got to dunk, now you got to rebound.
 And now I have to perform.
 And it was like, well, I got through the con,
 but now I have to wear the shorts, which is...
 Just wearing shorts in general is not a great idea.
 Oh, curry, they're saying it as if it's like,
 oh, it's going to be refreshing and fruity.
 Also, it's like I'm also eating this like I've never actually eaten anything before.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 Oh, this one.
 Yeah.
 Has some sharpness to it.
 I'm going to say that's quite a jump from one.
 I feel like now I'm cross pollinating.
 I know, I know.
 What do I do?
 This one's...
 The walls closing on you here on Hot Ones.
 Man, I make all my things.
 I'm like, I know exactly how I'm going to do this.
 How did signing up for acting classes with Michael Harney
 change the trajectory of your career?
 You once told The Hollywood Reporter, I'm quite positive.
 He's the reason I'm an actor.
 For sure, 100%.
 I picked a random class.
 It was a Meisner two year class.
 And Michael Harney just kind of came in.
 I talk about armor all the time when I'm...
 I forgot that that's where I got that from.
 It's from Michael.
 He would say, I strip all of that down.
 You take it all off in here.
 And he would say, but I never, ever want you to ever step out of this door
 without putting it back on.
 He's like, because you're too open for the world.
 But in here, you can take it all off.
 I realize I've stolen my whole thing of like, how I prepare for a part.
 I'm like, it's completely from Michael Harney.
 Oh, Michael.
 Oh, I almost burned myself.
 Oh, Michael.
 We're going to three.
 We're going to three.
 And maybe it's time to put the armor back on, you know, for this part.
 Yes.
 I would like mouth armor right now.
 I don't know what's happening, but now I'm like, pretty good.
 As a member of SNL's Five Timer Club, what do you think is like the closest
 you've ever flown to the sun while hosting that show live?
 I think the craziest thing is I did on the 40th.
 I was doing I was coming on to the news and it's with Tina Fey and it was I
 think Jane Curtain had come back and Amy was on it and then they were like,
 you come in.
 And I was doing Chris Farley's Down by the River guy and they'd found his code
 and they were like carefully like took it in because they're like, we don't want
 to alter it.
 But like so I was wearing it and fully dressed as Chris.
 I got so nervous, like I can't do what he did and I'm afraid I didn't want to make
 fun of it.
 I didn't want to do a bad job.
 And the sweet stage manager as I'm like, I keep like,
 the sweet stage manager came up and he grabbed my legs and he goes, honey,
 are you OK?
 And I've never had this happen.
 My knees were buckling in a way that my whole my whole I literally was running
 the control, I was holding the door waiting to go in and I literally I was
 like this.
 And first of all, really, really weird when you're like, I am not physically
 controlling my body in any way.
 And I'm about to go live as somebody that I like really hold in such high regard
 with three icons to me, three female comedians that I like when I was and he
 grabbed my legs and I was like, I'm fine, fine.
 And then I was just like, Stephen Train, I have to.
 I can't let him down.
 And then I did it.
 But I truly was like, I don't know when I get on the other side of the door,
 if my legs are going to work.
 So I mean, that was just I was like, I don't know where I am in the galaxy.
 Like, I've truly felt out of body.
 So this one is the chili language, a fuego.
 Oh, shit.
 I know what going on.
 Oh, I don't want to say my mouth.
 Right. And this one's kind of another one of those jumps, I think.
 I'm just kind of warning you.
 OK, I'll take the warning.
 This is I don't think I'm oh, yeah.
 Yeah, that's a bit of a jump.
 Yeah, that hit.
 It hit nothing in the front of my mouth.
 And then literally it's like I got a bee sting on my like what is it?
 My gladiator office or my usual I think that's lower.
 Well, on that note, let me just ask you an interview.
 Sure. You know, sure.
 So I loved reading stories about you growing up because I am a fellow Illinois native.
 So Plainfield, Carbondale, Joliet, they just sort of wash over me nostalgically.
 Yes. Where are you from again?
 Crystal Lake, which is like an hour and a half north of where you grew up in Plainfield.
 Yep. My memory of Plainfield actually is now kind of just hitting me.
 But I had like a pathological fear of tornadoes because there was like a catastrophic
 when I was like three or four years old that happened.
 Yes, I was not three or four years old.
 Yeah, you must have been like, oh, my God, I'm that much older than you.
 Yeah, no, there's a good reason to associate that.
 It's like there's Tornado Alley, which is now exactly where my parents live, which is fun.
 I was down in I was down at S.A.U.
 at Carbondale.
 And I. Here, I'll just clear my throat with this whole milk.
 Nothing really straightens up a throat like whole milk.
 And I came home for the weekend just to like see my parents and like see some friends.
 And I went and I was visiting a friend who lived in these townhouses.
 We were like sitting on the couch in front of like patio windows.
 I don't remember what happened, but I think it must have been a pressure change.
 And I just remember him grabbing me like really roughly and jerking me by the shirt.
 And we went towards his basement stairs.
 And then it just we were like clearly lightning hit because it was such a loud sound.
 And now I know it's like the pressure felt weird.
 So we didn't know what was going on.
 And we stayed there for, you know, a few minutes.
 But then everything it was just quiet again, like strangely quiet.
 And we came out and like that window was blown.
 Wow. And he's like, something's weird.
 He went upstairs and as he got closer to the top of the stairs, he just turned around and was like,
 there's no upstairs, it's gone.
 And then we walked outside and he was the last house on this whole block.
 And there were groups of two townhouses together and his was the very last one.
 And the entire block was gone.
 Whoa. Only into basements.
 And then it was just his first floor and the one next to him was completely gone.
 And it was just the craziest thing.
 So you you should be not a crazy thing to be like, maybe playing field and tornadoes aren't friendly.
 What is this one?
 Los Calientes Rojo here.
 Oh, God, too much, too much.
 Keep it quiet.
 I got it on my lips, I'm afraid.
 Why don't I feel anything?
 This is one of those that kind of takes a second to really find you.
 There, there we go.
 It's in a...
 I know. I know. I know.
 I understand.
 I brought my own.
 Oh, wow. Yeah, you've got stuff.
 I have my own milk.
 You're a genius.
 Genius at work over here.
 I think it's stretching. I put milk in a bottle, but I'll take it.
 Genius at work. Genius at work.
 All right, Melissa McCarthy, we have a recurring segment on our show called Explain That Gram.
 We do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram, pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So we'll pull the picture up over here on the monitor.
 You just tell us the bigger story.
 OK. All right.
 Incredible picture.
 What's the backstory on rocking track suits to one of the biggest Look at Me red carpet events of the year?
 As Ben and I came in, literally everybody, as they caught us, they were just like, "Fuck you."
 "Fuck you." And I was like...
 And she's like... And somebody would be like, "I'm dying inside. I'm dying in these shoes."
 And I was like, "I'm going to get a drink because I'm in a tennis shoe."
 And by the way, that beautiful woman in the yellow dress.
 I was in a pharmacy in L.A. once and she was ironically...
 And she goes, "I swear I don't only wear yellow."
 And I was like, "OK."
 And she's like...
 You guys reunited.
 But I didn't I didn't recognize her because she had her hair pulled back and glasses on.
 I just thought it was someone weirdly being like, "I like elephants."
 And she's like, "I don't always wear yellow."
 And I was like, "Well, don't we all?"
 And she goes, "I was the person standing in front of the picture when you and your husband went back."
 And she's like, "Can I take a picture?"
 So she was very nice.
 But I was like, "Oh, it's a reunion."
 Weirdly, the small of my back just got hot.
 This made my... I feel like maybe my lips will be fuller when I'm done.
 You get a little bit of a free treatment here on Hot Ones, you know?
 You're welcome, Melissa McCarthy. It's the least we can do.
 This is the spicy shark.
 Throw in an eye lift and I'll be here every week.
 Spicy shark, guys.
 Spicy shark.
 This is gonna be terrible.
 That one's like I inhaled spicy smoke.
 Yeah, so this one, it sort of fills up.
 And you try to breathe in to live.
 It all...
 It gets worse.
 It's like a gas that takes up all the space in the room.
 I know, I know.
 It's escalating.
 Right, it's gonna build a little bit.
 It's gonna build a little bit.
 But don't worry, for this question, I got a nice long windup for you.
 There you go.
 Hit the spray mode.
 Hit the spray mode.
 Hit the cow!
 Oh!
 So in a 2018 profile with the New York Times, you said,
 "We're in a lot of trouble if it all becomes cops and capes and horror and grim."
 What do you think is lost when Hollywood stops caring so much about making audiences laugh?
 I think we're in a... I think it's a world of trouble.
 I think when... And I love all types of movies and films and shows and books.
 And every time... I'll take any kind of story you've got.
 I just want to keep variety in the pie.
 I think once you go darker, darker, darker, darker, darker,
 and it's only dark gets valued and it's only the worst of humanity.
 If it's something where, yeah... And like, oh, how did it end?
 Well, there's no hope.
 It's like, I want to cry. I want to be heartbroken.
 I want to feel hopeful and I want to laugh.
 And somehow the new logline is that comedies don't work.
 I think bad comedies don't work. I think bad movies don't work.
 But I will fight to my last breath, which will be in about four more wings.
 That comedies are important and I think it brings people together.
 I think there's something deceptive.
 Like, I almost am like, I'll go take another bite.
 Look at you.
 This is a terrible decision.
 I had to... Oh, yeah.
 Oh, I think the first side didn't have it.
 Yeah. I know.
 Why would I... Why would I...
 Somewhere Ben's like...
 Because you're being brave, Melissa. You're taking it on.
 Are your lips on fire?
 Totally on fire. Tongue is numb.
 I'm no superhero. I still feel everything.
 I brought this, but I'm afraid to mix this with what's going in.
 There you go. You almost pulled that out of nowhere.
 That's still gas.
 I don't know.
 I don't know if it helped.
 Yeah, I'm awaiting a verdict, you know?
 Because as you sort of guinea pig test all these things, you know, I'm taking notes over here.
 I can't tell if it coated it or it's escalating.
 It might have made things worse.
 Yeah, I'm real unsteady.
 Okay.
 So I understand that Guy Fieri served as inspiration for your character in Bridesmaids.
 When you read this script, what connections did you see between Megan and the mayor of Flavortown?
 You know, I thought it was something...
 And I, respectfully, it's like I thought there was something about Megan, at least in my head,
 that was someone who's not quite...
 I just love someone who's maybe not kind of putting it all together,
 but they're like, "Is this not fucking amazing?"
 But they're going for it.
 But their confidence, like when confidence is like at 50...
 And self-awareness is low.
 And self-awareness is low.
 I just remember saying at one point, I was like, "I think I'm going to need a Kanga."
 And they were like, "What?"
 And I'm like, "I think if I get the Kanga, I can fill in the pieces."
 Yeah.
 I would do anything for like just an ice mouth to kiss.
 Oh, wait.
 There you go.
 Oh, that's enjoyable, actually.
 Yeah, it does help.
 For like a second.
 Yeah.
 It hurts so much to smile.
 It really does.
 Like, I just...
 It's okay.
 So this is me being...
 This is me talking to you.
 This is like the hottest sauce in the world.
 It's crazy.
 Jesus Christ.
 You're terrible at this.
 But would it be better if I just let you rip it, you know?
 Maybe, actually.
 Maybe.
 Maybe.
 I don't know.
 It neither tastes...
 Right.
 I know.
 I don't know what to do.
 Maybe go with the spray.
 I don't...
 Oh, my God.
 I know.
 I can't even get to the water.
 Holy shit.
 I'm right here with you.
 I'm right here with you.
 I know.
 I know.
 Out of control.
 Oh, my God.
 I'm sorry.
 I just did too.
 I just actually hit a hiccup.
 I know.
 I know.
 I'm right with you.
 Oh, my God.
 I hate you so much.
 I know.
 I get it.
 I get it.
 I get it.
 I get it 100%.
 Is this going to make it worse?
 I'm not sure.
 You have the shittiest job I've ever...
 I know.
 You're taller than me.
 Oh, my God.
 You're taller than me.
 Oh, my God.
 I've never blown my nose on camera.
 Breaking new ground here.
 Oh, my God.
 Hotwood Season 21.
 Yeah.
 I know.
 I accept it.
 What gets you fired up when watching home renovation shows?
 I've heard you...
 Nobody said it helped.
 I don't know.
 I've heard you compare yourself...
 Thank you so much.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I've heard you compare yourself to a college football fan
 screaming at the TV when you don't agree with a design choice.
 I'm just fully weeping.
 Yeah, no, I get it.
 I get it.
 It is.
 I just...
 This bread's actually kind of working for me, by the way.
 I don't know who your bread guy is, but clutch.
 Oh, my God.
 I know.
 It's still...
 I know.
 Forever changed, you know, after that sauce.
 What's your legal situation?
 Oh, like, I think exposed, honestly.
 You've got to have lawyers like, "Round the clock."
 I think it's...
 I'm going to find out.
 Well, I'm waiting for somebody to stress test that.
 I'm waiting for someone to stress test that because I think I'm exposed.
 He could just be in your polo.
 I think I'm exposed.
 Like, "Welcome back to Hot Ones."
 One time I was kind of trading notes with Bear Grylls.
 We seem a little exposed after talking to him.
 I'm so sorry.
 I get it.
 So much Kleenex work.
 Sorry.
 I'm not in control of it.
 Yeah, yeah.
 No, it's all good.
 It's all good.
 No matter what you're going through on the show,
 way crazier things have happened, Wes McCarthy.
 You know?
 At the end of the day, there's got to be some comfort in that.
 That's like, it's like, you didn't get picked.
 We don't like you, but you did a good job.
 You're like, "I still feel like shit."
 Man, that's a setup.
 This whole show is a setup.
 It really is.
 Oh my God.
 This is horrifying.
 I'm literally having tremors.
 I know.
 It's like the 40th anniversary all over again.
 Except for the knees.
 We're all upper body this time.
 I know.
 I know.
 Weird sauce, hot sauce, but we are almost there.
 Isn't the goal to be good?
 I mean, shit, you have to be like Dylan.
 I get people like Spice, which I don't get.
 And it's bravo to whoever made it.
 But it's like, I realize you're like, "Oh, you mean my life's work?"
 Yeah.
 Yeah, like El Dorado is like, "Screw you, McCarthy."
 But I get what you're saying.
 I guess there's something for everyone.
 So I've been in the habit of asking movie stars
 about the most preposterous acting exercise
 that they've ever done as part of a conservatory program or acting school.
 As somebody who was in the ground lanes for 10 years,
 is there an improv warm-up that you've actually found is useful for you
 on a Hollywood set?
 Do you use any of those improv warm-ups for acting warm-ups?
 I mean, the thought of not thinking and just having to say what you do
 or just say before you think and you can't predetermine what you're going to say
 because you can only listen to what the person right before you is going to say.
 So if you plan it, it's going to be terrible.
 But I can't say that I've ever been working with somebody great that I was like,
 "Should we just stop and lift a disc?
 Should we all pretend to, as a group, lift an imaginary disc?"
 I get it's working together in a classroom.
 It's helpful.
 I can't see being like, "Javier, I'm going to pretend to lift this."
 And you get on the other side and you lift--
 Of course, he'd probably be like, "Okay."
 But, oh my God, I can't breathe at all.
 My whole nose just wiped out.
 I know how it goes.
 Like, it's-- that's--
 Oh, Jesus.
 Oh, this is an application moment?
 Can I dab the board so I can have control?
 Yeah, that's actually a smarter way to do it.
 God, help me.
 Is this the one that you're like,
 "You'll revert-- you'll die immediately."
 You know what?
 We're already dead.
 Okay.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 The good news is, Melissa McCarthy, this spice-soaked wing flight,
 it's a distant memory.
 It's behind us, right?
 Oh, I got a thing.
 I got a--
 Oh, it-- oh, no.
 I think that-- I think--
 Oh, I've avoided it the whole time, and I think I got it.
 Oh.
 But not I. Not I, right?
 Not I.
 Okay, that's good.
 That's good.
 But nose, still a part of my body.
 Now, after watching The Little Mermaid, you know what?
 I couldn't help but to feel for Ursula, you know,
 banished to this dark corner of the ocean
 with no one to hang out with except for her eels.
 After walking a mile in her tentacles,
 do you have, like, a glass half-full take on Ursula?
 Like, in what ways, if at all,
 do you think she's misunderstood as a villain?
 I think she-- oh, my God, I think she's totally misunderstood.
 Like, the more-- I always, like, loved her, and I thought she's--
 I just need it.
 I need the milk to be colder.
 First time I've ever seen that.
 Incredible.
 That's helpful.
 Oh, my God, I sound like Ursula.
 Going back to Michael Harney, like, what's her armor?
 And her armor is the makeup and the hair and the attitude,
 but it's to kind of cover up for her loneliness.
 She feels betrayed by her family and her isolation.
 It's like, yes, somebody's bark is really bad,
 but why are they doing that?
 And to kind of play those two sides,
 I thought I really kind of fell in love.
 The brighter side of Ursula, and look at you,
 Melissa McCarthy, taking on the wings of death,
 living to tell the tale, and now there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 I'm the mother of two. I'm from Plainfield, Illinois.
 I just chose to hurt myself with chicken wings.
 Oh, I have Little Mermaids coming out.
 It is so joyful. It's such a group of nice people.
 It's so beautiful and hopeful.
 My sister's being myself, can't make--
 Go ahead and use them.
 My mouth hurts a lot.
 I think everything about it, it's for everybody,
 and it is so nice to sit shoulder to shoulder again
 with people that you love,
 people that are fully strangers in the theater,
 and have that collective feeling of fear and joy
 and love and heartbreak and surprise,
 and I think we need that as humans.
 This is everything I said about,
 "What a lovely, warm, charcuterie boy."
 When this started, I'm now like--
 Oh!
 Did I do it?
 You did it.
 Wonderful.
 There was one where I was like, "I'm out of my body.
 I'm out of my body."
 And every time I tried to breathe in,
 it had a vapor to it, and it only made it worse.
 Was that the bomb one?
 I think that probably started on Spicy Shark.
 I think that's where it starts, and then it doesn't stop after that.
 And they each are like,
 they're all terrible in their own different ways.
 And that's why we love them.
 And that's why we love them.
 I mean, I get it, and I don't get it.
 Right, right.
 It's just fun, though, when you break your leg,
 and you're like, "Now everybody gets to decide my cast."
 Hey, what's going on, Hot Ones fans?
 This is Sean Evans.
 If you've ever watched Hot Ones and wondered to yourself,
 "How hot are those sauces, really?"
 I can get through that with no water or milk.
 Well, now is the time to put your money where your mouth is.
 The Hot Ones Season 21 lineup is now available
 in its entirety at Heatness.com.
 Heatness.com.
 That's Heatness.com to get your hands on the Season 21
 Hot Ones Hot Sauce lineup, milk not included.
 Be careful around the eyes, and get them while they're hot.
 [music]
