 Right now I feel like I'm in my childhood, you know?
 Back in the womb.
 Hot in there.
 Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wangs.
 And today we're joined by Michael Che.
 He's a stand-up comedian and actor who's received five Emmy nominations
 for his work as head writer and cast member on Saturday Night Live.
 Also be sure to check out his new sketch comedy show, That Damn Michael Che,
 which is currently streaming on HBO Max.
 Michael Che, welcome to the show.
 Thank you. It's so weird to hear people say that out loud, you know?
 I can't believe I'm here.
 How are you around spicy food?
 I've never seen any of these at my local bodega, but I like spicy food.
 I think I like spicy food. That might all change tonight.
 [music]
 I'm like nervous, but I'm eating fish sticks by the way.
 First fish stick, Gaston.
 Yeah? I just didn't want to eat chicken on camera.
 Mmm.
 This ain't shit.
 Can I say whatever I want?
 Yes, let it fly.
 I killed a man in 1972.
 Wait, not that one. Not that one.
 Alright.
 It was easy.
 So for what it's worth, I watched That Damn Michael Che in one sitting.
 It really is like the perfect canvas for you to explore concepts that are maybe
 darker than the things you can talk about on network television.
 You liked it? You watched the whole thing?
 I did. I did.
 Blows my mind.
 You want to know my favorite sketch?
 Yeah, what?
 I like the Billy Porter superhero one.
 Yeah, that... I just thought it'd be fun.
 You know what? I got that actually from a very unhelpful TSA agent.
 But yeah, that was a fun one too. Billy Porter's amazing, isn't he?
 It made me wonder, does the idea of that come first or does Billy Porter come first
 and then you write for Billy Porter because it did have a really nice connection.
 It was the idea and then we were like, oh man, Billy Porter.
 Billy Porter is so good that he's like, if you're not using him, you're using a Billy Porter type.
 You know, like, oh Billy Porter would kill this.
 And he actually said yes. A lot of the casting on it was first choices.
 So I was really lucky that they said yes.
 And that's just like a funny concept, the idea of like a superhero that never really gets around to saving the day
 because they're just serving out that attitude.
 It was great. He made his own costume. He cares more about the costume than his entrance.
 I've had hotter ice cream. I'm going to kill this shit.
 So naturally I have to ask you about the Hot Ones Saturday Night Live sketch.
 With a sweat soaked Maya Rudolph playing the role of Beyonce
 and then Mikey Day playing the role of this show's incessant bald host.
 He nailed you. Mikey's such a good, like I used to write with him sometimes, you know, on sketches
 and you'd be in the room and he's always in his head and trying to get everything perfect.
 I don't think anybody approaches it as thoroughly as Mikey. He's so good.
 So like he probably watched hours of footage to make sure he got that right.
 But yeah, he's amazing.
 I can tell. What can you tell us, BTS, on how that sketch came to be?
 And do you remember how it played at the table read?
 It was, to me, was the funniest sketch of the episode.
 It was, we knew it was going to be funny because first of all, it's Maya and she nails Beyonce all the time.
 And then too, it was just like a fun, have you asked Beyonce to do this?
 No, but I do imagine that were it to go down like that, it would be similar to the sketch.
 My favorite part is when she had to get the wig off.
 The ice cubes?
 Put ice cubes in the wig. That's so funny. She probably hated it.
 Yeah.
 I don't taste a thing.
 Okay. This one is kind of like, um.
 A little bit.
 Yeah, it keeps going.
 Yes. It's very peppery, this one.
 But it's still nothing.
 There we go.
 It's still nothing.
 So I'm very interested in the chapter of your life before comedy when you were training to be a painter and then selling t-shirts with the acrylic.
 It's still going a little bit.
 It just, it rallies through. That's just a train. It's a spice train that's going to keep rolling.
 It ain't shit though.
 And you were selling t-shirts with your acrylic portraits printed on them from a folding table on the corner of Print Street and Wooster.
 Yeah.
 What's the most memorable transaction that you ever made on the sidewalk there?
 Oh man, I met so many people. I met Conan O'Brien, Billy Crystal. I met Tommy Hilfiger. I met...
 Andre 3000?
 Andre 3000? How'd you know that?
 Yeah, I met Andre 3000. He bought a little like Jimi Hendrix shirt from me. I painted a Jimi Hendrix shirt.
 Oh man, yeah, that's great.
 I wasn't that good to be honest with you. I think it was just more people wanting to be supportive.
 I'm just saying, man, I'm unimpressed.
 I think I'm going to get through all of this. I might just go back for seconds.
 Hell yeah. Be our guest. We're just here to feed you, Michael.
 What's the difference between bombing on stage and having a sketch bomb on live TV?
 It tastes like pineapple. Like as sweet as a pineapple.
 This is going to suck, man. I already know it. Because like that, I just realized we've got like six more to go.
 That's right. That's right.
 And they get hotter.
 It's a marathon.
 Yeah.
 What's the difference between bombing on stage as a stand up and then having a sketch bomb on live TV?
 Like is one more gut wrenching than the other?
 Yes. There's nothing worse than bombing on live TV because there's no exit strategy.
 See, if I'm bombing on stage doing stand up, I could change the subject. I could make fun of me bombing.
 There's always a way to relate to the people. Like stand up, the number one rule is just be present.
 If people see that something awkward is happening, call it out.
 And then people will be like, yeah, it is what's happening.
 Just the truth always kind of gets you back on track. In a sketch, sometimes if it starts bombing in the first 30, 40 seconds and we know what's coming next, there's no tap out.
 You got to actually do the words the audience has checked out.
 The only thing that is better about bombing in a sketch, though, is that everyone knows it's bombing.
 So it's a little bit of camaraderie on set.
 Right.
 You know, like if it's bombing and sometimes you just take a look at Keenan's face and it makes you laugh.
 And then everyone realizes they're seeing something bad.
 So a lot of sketches you'll see when they didn't make fun of us for breaking or whatever.
 A lot of times breaking is just because we know what's coming next and how bad it's going.
 And then it becomes fun. So sometimes that could save the sketch.
 So but I would definitely take bombing in the sketch over bombing on stage.
 Oh, Ginger, I love Ginger. I love goat too.
 This is easy. Wow. You have medics, right?
 Yeah, actually, it's kind of a new development.
 Yeah, we do. Yeah, that makes sense.
 But also, I won't need them crushing it.
 Crushed it. All right, Michael, we have a recurring segment on our show called Explain That, Graham.
 We're doing a deep dive on our guest's Instagram. Pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So we'll put the picture up on the monitor. You just tell us the bigger story.
 That's me at WrestleMania 35.
 You can't tell by the shirt, but that's where I was.
 WrestleMania 35 in the Andre the Giant Battle Royal looking down the barrel at Braun Strowman.
 That was the most fun I've ever had. It was MetLife Stadium, 80,000 people all booing me and Colin.
 It was awesome. All I've ever wanted was to be a bad guy wrestler.
 And these people genuinely hated me. It was fantastic.
 Yeah, you used to watch wrestling with your grandfather, right?
 How the fuck did you know that? Yes. Yeah, he couldn't have told you. He's been dead for 10 years.
 But no, yeah, I used to watch it. I think like it's how I learned how to talk, honestly.
 You know what? One thing that I noticed, those ropes are not rope. It's like bridge cables.
 You see the guys, they're so good at it that it looks easy and simple.
 But like the mat is a wood plank and the ropes are hurt when you run against the ropes.
 They got welts on their back from just doing the easiest, simple things.
 And the ring is loud and the crowd is deafening. It was so exciting to do it.
 But look at my face. It didn't scare him one bit, believe it or not.
 But he was such a nice guy and he punched me and I dropped and I was so scared.
 Because, you know, I'm an older guy and delicate. I didn't think I was going to be able to take it, but I did.
 You did. And then he told me, I didn't really punch you.
 But whatever. No, no, it was great. It was a lot of fun.
 Alright, up next. I'm always curious about the comedian's perspective when it comes to hosting award shows.
 Like how would you distill the experience of playing ringmaster at the Emmys?
 Bad. I don't know if I can say that. Is that okay to say that I didn't want to host the Emmys and I did?
 We're cool with it.
 No, I was like, I didn't want to do it. I always feel like, I just like doing comedy in a tuxedo just feels, I look like I'm giving dinner specials.
 I think it was Ellen gave me the best advice. She was like, get all the comedy done in the beginning.
 Because the longer the show goes, the more losers are in the audience.
 Like literally people have lost and nothing's funny to them anymore.
 So you kind of have to do all the comedy upfront and then the rest of it is keeping the show moving.
 I don't know. I think that's like self-deprecating comedian inside of me that's like, I shouldn't be hosting.
 I should be in the back making fun of the host.
 A lot of people take this very serious. So I was just like, I don't want to mess up your party.
 You know, it's like giving a toast at a wedding and you don't know the couple.
 Right.
 It just feels out of place a little bit. But hindsight, it was fun.
 Can you guys open the window a little bit?
 Oh, that's good.
 That's good. You know what I like about that one? That one's not hot.
 Is this where people start to fall apart?
 I'm witnessing greatness.
 He said yes.
 Witnessing greatness.
 No, this is easy.
 All right. That one is the hottest one.
 That's how it'll go going forward here.
 But it's still easy.
 But it's no problem.
 I can see it. I can see it. It's no problem.
 No, it's no problem. It's not a problem.
 So a few months back, you put together a slide show talking about how you don't want to do any more interviews with a few exceptions.
 And lucky for us, one of those exceptions was Hot Ones.
 Is your disdain in doing press, is that something that you've had since day one of your career or is it kind of developed over time?
 No, I love press again. Like I said, this is a dream.
 You do not.
 You know what? Here's why I don't like press.
 It's because I never feel like they're on the side of the artist.
 They always seem to be on the side of what's the headline.
 You know? So why would I like it?
 If I was a headline, maybe I'd like it more.
 But they're always kind of want the juicy, juicy thing.
 And also, I don't like talking about myself.
 I always feel weird and arrogant talking about myself constantly.
 This actually that was hot, but then it goes away.
 Just in time for the next wing.
 Are you ready to dive in?
 Let's do it, man. Let's go to the fucking loony bin. Let's do it.
 I see now I get it. Now I get the point of this game.
 This one's more sweet than hot.
 I think it's when right when you start talking, you know?
 Just like the last one, it'll build a little bit.
 I get emotional sometimes.
 So you're a native New Yorker, which is different from a lot of comedians who come to the city because they want to pursue a career in acting.
 They move here rather than you, who grew up and was born in the Lower East Side.
 Yeah.
 Is there any special reason that you chose Nas' New York State of Mind to be your walkout song when you performed at Letterman for the first time?
 There's no more beautiful song than being a project kid.
 Listen to New York State of Mind back in 1994.
 As soon as you turn on Elmatic and that, you know, after the Genesis and the New York State of Mind, I beat this primo.
 It's Nas. It felt like he was talking directly to us, like he made an album directly for us.
 And New York State of Mind is it brings me back to that moment of being a kid.
 You're just ready to take charge. It was like his moment, I feel.
 So when I'm on when I'm coming on stage, I like to feel that I still play it everywhere.
 I play it when I'm doing warm up for SNL, played it for Letterman.
 I play it when I'm on tour.
 It just feels right.
 Dude, I don't know if you noticed, but I am unaffected.
 This is like when are we going to do the hot ones?
 Funny you mentioned that.
 Is this hot?
 That's good.
 Glad I like that one.
 Where can I get these? Can I?
 These you can take home with you. We'll pack them up for you.
 These honestly, this that one that you just said with the hardest one is honestly not that hot.
 So we sent a lot of hot sauce, like I just mentioned, to 30 Rock after the Beyonce hot one sketch.
 And then we got a quick request to re up on it.
 Is hot sauce helped the creative process at all, or is it just writers kind of keeled over after eating the bomb like we just did?
 I'm sorry, I am.
 I'm trying to remember something.
 That's good. That is a good sauce.
 No, I think there I think there was a few cast members and writers.
 That I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry. I'm just I think I.
 When are we going to do the hot ones?
 I had a. That's an interesting question.
 I'm just trying to give you the right answer.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I remember a lot of.
 Is this where people start to fall apart?
 I don't remember. I don't remember.
 I don't remember.
 Do you have a favorite reaction from a host to a sketch that you've pitched?
 Well, sometimes people who come in with an idea of the show and what they want to do on the show, they might they might not really know what they're talking about.
 Or if that might not even be possible.
 Because they don't do this show, you know, so I will pitch something.
 They were like, well, that guy's crazy.
 Then I could write whatever I want by myself.
 Not on the hook.
 You don't want them to be like, oh, he's fucking hilarious.
 Hey, can you write my unicycle idea?
 Yeah, no, no.
 But so, you know, I try to like pretend to be bad at my job so that I could be good at my job.
 That makes sense?
 Thinking.
 It's reverse psychology, but I'm backwards.
 All right, Michael Che.
 How are we doing?
 Sniffing is not good, but other than that, I'm good.
 I'm fine.
 This next one is the scorpion disco.
 Why do they call it that?
 All right.
 It's more salty.
 Yeah, and maybe a kind of a kind of a reprieve after the last one.
 So before making it in comedy, what was the most common buyer complaint that you ever got working as a customer service representative at Toyota?
 How the fuck do you know that?
 A lot of people will write me checks for a car, knowing they don't got the money.
 For that car in their account and then make it seem like I took the money somehow.
 And I remember that was always like the funniest complaint is as you as you're making a transaction.
 They're like, well, but the check should clear.
 Well, it's not the bank doesn't know you.
 And that was always the worst because the salesman is always on the side of the customer.
 So they make it seem like, you know, you're messing it up.
 But usually it was just because they couldn't yell and they just find the person to yell at.
 You're the first line of complaints.
 That's the worst part of it.
 You know what I mean?
 Do you have any insider trade secrets when it comes to not getting ripped off at the dealership?
 No, they're going to rip you off.
 They're going to rip you off because cars are not that valuable.
 So anything you're paying, it ain't worth it.
 All right, Michael Che.
 Man, this was so much fun.
 I want to thank you.
 I tell you what, Sean, I tell you what, I raise you.
 Oh, I raise you.
 OK, I don't know if anyone's done this before, but I say we put a dab of all of them on one wing.
 Has anyone done that before?
 Paul Rudd and now and now you, Michael Che.
 That's what they call me, the black Paul Rudd.
 Oh, it's like paste.
 God damn.
 Oh, there you go.
 There you go.
 Is that it?
 That's good.
 Yeah, man, you didn't think you was fucking with a gangster, did you?
 I knew I was fucking with a gangster.
 Yeah, well, you are fucking with a gangster.
 Oh, shit.
 Well, that might be a lot, but don't worry about it.
 That's what I want the context people to know is when you see me sweating,
 it looks like I may be even crying.
 It's because I had a rough week.
 Yeah, you know what I'm saying?
 Can you play some good montage music to this?
 Oh, don't. Yeah, don't worry.
 You know what I'm saying? In the production truck.
 We will.
 Wait till you see how this thing comes together.
 I got dinner reservations, too.
 You do? Where are you going tonight?
 I don't know.
 Baskin Robbins.
 I might be right behind you in line.
 You know where Baskin Robbins is?
 Paul Rudd is the nicest guy.
 He is the nicest guy.
 And you know who else is super nice?
 Who?
 Jon Hamm.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 We got to get Jon Hamm on the show.
 Yeah.
 All right, Michael.
 Get that sauce.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Cheers.
 Cheers.
 It's like they cancel each other out.
 I think at first it does because we worked in reverse order.
 But when you work your way through that,
 you get some of the different notes.
 Michael Che, hot sauce G.
 Am I on the short list of Gs?
 Top of the list.
 Top of the list, Michael.
 And you know, thankfully, though, we've reached the end.
 And I didn't touch the milk.
 I noticed that.
 No water, no milk.
 G'd up, Michael Che.
 Know what I'm saying?
 We've talked a lot about your life, a lot about your career.
 But one blind spot--
 Don't lick your lips.
 Yeah, that's good advice.
 That's good advice.
 If you're on this show, don't lick your lips.
 Smart man, Michael.
 Smart man.
 What did you mean by this quote?
 Humor and food are two things rich in a poor community.
 When you grow up very poor, you don't have--
 you can't just go to a toy store,
 get whatever you want.
 You can't just go shopping whenever you want.
 The way we show affection is to cook and to make you laugh.
 And that shit gets you through.
 [sniffles]
 [siren]
 Oh, man.
 I get emotional talking about my past.
 I'm sorry.
 Um--
 [sighs]
 Was that-- that's a--
 that's supposed to help, right?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But--
 We don't need it.
 We don't need it.
 [sighs]
 It's-- it's a--
 [laughs]
 Oh, man.
 Uh, looks so good.
 Uh, it's, uh-- it's two things of showing love, you know?
 It brings you back to your childhood.
 Right now, I feel like I'm in, um, my childhood, you know?
 Back in the womb, hot in there.
 This is not how you show love.
 No.
 This wouldn't be the food I would show, give to someone that I loved.
 But you know what?
 It's a meal.
 There were laughs.
 I feel the love in this studio.
 And look at you, Michael Che.
 Taken on the wings of death, even a 10-stack.
 Unaffected.
 Last dab.
 And now, totally unaffected.
 Show's fake.
 There's nothing left to do but roll out the red carpet for you, Michael Che.
 This camera, this camera, this camera, let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 The show's-- the show's fake.
 It's a sham.
 [laughs]
 All this is-- this is sweet sauce.
 I got a lot going on, guys.
 Tomorrow I'm making a visit to my cardiologist.
 We're gonna talk about ways to improve upon my lifestyle.
 Oh, man.
 And don't burp.
 Don't burp.
 It's just like a-- comes back.
 Burps.
 What time is it?
 [laughs]
 [applause]
 We did it, man.
 We did it.
 I love you guys.
 I couldn't have done this without you and I wouldn't have-- oh, man.
 That was good.
 That was good.
 That was easy.
 [laughs]
 Did it hurt?
 Of course it hurt.
 Of course it hurt.
 Oh, man.
 What the fuck is wrong with you, dude?
 Oh, my God.
 How do you do that?
 Well, you know, most people don't want to pour the last ten sauces on the last one.
 I thought you challenged me.
 [laughs]
 This was actually fun.
 I'm gonna go get some more.
 I'm gonna go get some more.
 I'm gonna go get some more.
 I'm gonna go get some more.
 I'm gonna go get some more.
 This was actually fun.
 This was so much fun.
 I don't know what I'm talking about anymore.
 Basically, we're gonna get our intro shot, so it's just you guys--
 You sure?
 Okay.
 Yep.
 Hey, what's going on, Hot Ones fans?
 This is Sean Evans checking in with a very exciting hot sauce update.
 Los Calientes Barbacoa, it's finally here, baby.
 This sauce right here evokes all the flavors of barbecue, but then with a smoky mix of
 serrano and habanero chilies, perfect for slow-roasting meats, perfect for slathering
 on burritos, grilling vegetables.
 Get your hands on Los Calientes Barbacoa at heatness.com, heatness.com, heatness.com to
 order all summer long.
 We're having the remix of the remix, Hot Ones Barbacoa, the unofficial official sauce of
 grilling and chilling.
 [MUSIC]
