 Oh man, my eyes are burning, my makeup's running.
 Thank God I don't wear mascara.
 Whoa!
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Naomi Campbell.
 She's a global style icon
 and one of the most recognizable supermodels of all time.
 You can catch her on her interview series,
 "No Filter" on the Naomi YouTube channel,
 as well as the docu-series, "The Supermodels,"
 which is coming soon to Apple TV.
 Naomi Campbell, welcome to the show.
 - Thank you so much, Sean.
 Thank you for having me.
 - Before we get started, how into hot sauce are you?
 Like when you go to Brixton Market,
 do you just load up on the Caribbean Scotch Bonnet sauces?
 - Well, first it was one, it was Jamaican hot sauce.
 Then it grew into a cave.
 I went to Rwanda, I got Rwanda hot sauce.
 I went to Sicily, I got Sicilian hot sauce.
 I went to Nigeria, I got Nigeria hot sauce.
 So now I have a bag of four hot sauces.
 - Well, I look forward to introducing you
 to a bunch of new ones today.
 Are you ready to get started?
 - They look, all of them, like fire to me.
 (dramatic music)
 Actually, I'm gonna do a little shake, Sean,
 because sometimes with these liquidy ones,
 they get a bit like the liquid stays on top
 and you lose the peppers.
 So I'm gonna do a little shake and then I'm gonna pour.
 That's for that.
 - Yeah, especially in transit, you know,
 like we're doing this on opposite sides
 of the pond over here.
 So that's good to shake it up.
 - Okay.
 That's good.
 It's mild.
 (gentle music)
 I'm enjoying this mild, so I'm sure.
 - So as we mentioned up top,
 you have an interview series called "No Filter"
 where you and a guest ponder life's great questions
 at the intersection of culture and fashion.
 And I thought that your conversation with Marc Jacobs
 was really interesting on fashion during quarantine.
 Is it possible to make my sweatpants look haute couture?
 - I think sweatpants have long been haute couture
 before the quarantine happened.
 I mean, you had Ricardo T-shirt, Givenchy doing it
 and taking streetwear and really just bringing it
 to like high fashion.
 I mean, I just stand constantly in a Burberry
 or a Gucci track suit or a Champion or a Valentino,
 whatever I feel comfortably.
 - What are the chances that we see a designer hazmat suit
 on the runway sometime in the next year?
 - I think there's big chances.
 I mean, I've been asked to put my hazmat suit
 into a museum.
 They asked me for the one that I actually wore
 and my Burberry cape that I put on top of it.
 So I'm going to give it.
 So very possible.
 Tasty.
 Mm.
 Very tasty.
 - I actually had Indian food last night.
 - This might remind you of that.
 - Mm-hmm.
 It's good.
 I like that one.
 - So we can't have a Naomi Campbell interview
 without talking about style in the '90s,
 a decade that really redefined the fashion industry
 as a whole.
 If you were to put together a timeline of watershed moments
 that took fashion out of this niche, exclusionary world
 and entered the era of supermodels being celebrities
 and household names, what would be some of the marquee events
 on that timeline?
 - That's a very big answer that you asked for me.
 And I can only tell you so much.
 But it's designers like Johnny Versace, Yazzie and Elias,
 Issa LeRoy, that basically put us all together.
 That's when we kind of saw things turn
 because back in the day,
 the models that used to do the fashion shows
 were separate from the models that used to do the photographs
 and magazines.
 And I feel like my era really came,
 that's the era that I come from,
 kind of came in and mixed the two together
 and solidified it as staying that way.
 - Veteran artists often have gripes with young rappers
 who aren't familiar with the catalogs
 of Notorious B.I.G. or Tupac.
 Do you feel the same way about models
 who don't take the time to study design houses
 or learn the history?
 - Very, very smart question.
 I'm not sure today how far the models have time
 or make the time to do the research
 about the designers that they worked for.
 Definitely in my era, we didn't have anyone
 in between the model and designer.
 So we had a much more intimate and personal relationship
 directly with them.
 Not discriminating them in any way.
 It's just that now there's more people
 there in between than before.
 I'm not saying the models today don't get to be
 close to knowing designers,
 but I feel like it was just more intimate.
 Well, just got a Jamaican edge to it, this one.
 This one tastes to me like, you know Jamaican patties?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - This one gives that taste to me.
 - There is some scotch bonnet pepper in this one.
 - Yeah, because I feel a little kickback under my tongue.
 That's when you know.
 It's rising.
 - So according to CEO Marco Bazzari,
 more than half of Gucci's sales last year
 were to people under the age of 35.
 Do you have any insight as to why Gucci seems
 to garner such strong favor,
 particularly amongst young people?
 - I mean, Alessandro, I feel he loves to go
 into like the vintage and do it in his own way.
 So this generation, they missed all that.
 I've seen it.
 For them it's new, you know what I mean?
 So I get that they would be fascinated and love it.
 - Where do you stand on Celine casting TikTok stars
 as show models?
 Is that a crime against fashion or is that genius?
 - I wasn't aware of it.
 I've just been enlightened now.
 I don't see anything wrong with it.
 People choose to be creative in their own and different ways.
 So that's the way Hedy Nistimano wants to do his show
 and using TikTok stars, then probably it.
 - As someone who understands fashion's aberrations
 and eccentricity, how would you explain people
 wearing off-white with the zip tie tags still on the clothes?
 How would you explain that to like my dad?
 - I don't know how to explain it to your dad,
 but I have to tell you, I had to,
 when I first got my off-white,
 I loved Mr. Virgil Abloh, thank you so much.
 I wasn't sure, do I keep it on or do I take it off?
 Because my generation, I would take it off.
 My friend's son, Linda's son, Evangelista said,
 "No, no, you're supposed to keep it on."
 So I'm like, okay, even on my sneakers,
 yes, you're supposed to keep it on.
 So that's how I became educated about keeping on the tag,
 was through my friend Linda's son.
 (upbeat music)
 - Smokey, I'm not into smokey too much,
 but let's give it a go.
 I like barbecue, but I'm not into barbecue sauce.
 - This has kind of that barbecue smokey vibe to it.
 - I'd say this was my least favorite so far.
 Let me have one more bite.
 (laughing)
 Least favorite so far.
 Not into the smoke.
 So Brixton, where you grew up, like Harlem in New York
 or Shibuya in Tokyo, it's one of these neighborhoods
 that you see emblazoned on fast fashion T-shirts
 to connote a certain level of stylishness.
 What does Brixton really stand for?
 And what do you think the fashion shorthand of Brixton
 is even supposed to mean?
 - Can I just say one name?
 And I think I'll sum it up. - Sure.
 - David Bowie.
 That's it.
 It's music and it's fashion.
 Says it all in one.
 Can't get any better than that, can you?
 - What do you see as the biggest difference
 in the style sensibilities of Americans versus Brits?
 - Oh no, darling.
 We're cutting edge.
 We've always been cutting edge.
 Sorry to tell you, we get it first, you get it later.
 (laughing)
 So Los Calientes is from where?
 - We actually make this one, believe it or not.
 - This is yours?
 - Yeah, we make this product.
 But you know what, Naomi, if you don't like it,
 tell me the truth.
 I know you always speak the truth.
 - I'll tell you the truth.
 I'm a straight up Gemini, I'm not gonna lie.
 - Hey, I know that.
 - Okay.
 Okay.
 Keeping you in suspense.
 - I'm on the edge of my seat.
 - This is nice.
 You can definitely mix this in a pasta sauce, no?
 - Yeah, that's the move.
 - That's the move.
 - Okay.
 So I give it thumbs up.
 - Wow, humbled, humbled.
 All right, Naomi Campbell,
 we have a recurring segment on our show
 called Explain That Gram
 where we do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So I'll show you the picture.
 You just tell us the bigger story.
 Here you are pictured with Sacha Baron Cohen as Ali G.
 Do you find his Bruno character to be an accurate depiction
 of the fashion industry's megalomaniacs?
 (laughing)
 - Oh, Sacha, I love him.
 It's an exaggeration.
 It's a caricature of the designers,
 but it's not how they actually are, no.
 But it's a fun caricature.
 I did Ali G.
 I was so nervous.
 And Sacha was so like sweet
 and tried to make me feel comfortable.
 But then, you know, I'm always nervous
 before I do anything, including this.
 And then I'll get there
 and then I'll somehow overcome my fear.
 And then next thing I've got the whip
 and I'm like being dominating,
 being for dominating tricks.
 It was a lot of fun.
 I'm very happy I did it.
 It's just so funny
 'cause it's just come up a lot in the last few days.
 - Here we have the famous spill
 at the Vivienne Westwood show.
 Maybe the most famous runway spill of all time.
 Have you been able to run back the tape
 and figure out exactly what went wrong in that moment?
 - I don't have to run back the tape to watch it.
 I can run back the tape in my head
 because first you think I just have white tights on,
 but they're not just white tights, they're rubber.
 So I couldn't feel my feet, my toes.
 But no, so there's a way to walk in Vivienne Westwood's shoes.
 You have to walk on your tiptoes, not on the heel.
 So everything on the front, not on the back.
 I just went walking like as if I was walking
 in a normal shoe.
 No, no, no, that's why I fell.
 (gentle music)
 - Might be, might be, this might be the one.
 TKO me.
 - So during a recent interview with Marc Jacobs,
 you guys discussed his infamous grunge rock show
 for Perry Ellis in 1992.
 What do you remember about the reaction
 to that show specifically?
 And looking back, what did critics get wrong?
 - Well, they were blown away.
 They didn't expect that.
 I love Marc's conviction behind it
 'cause it's just what he wanted to do
 and it's what he loved.
 And by the end of that show, the whole room loved it too.
 The whole fashion industry loved it too.
 And then it was everyone trying to shoot it.
 - Yeah, and I think it too kind of shows
 the intrinsic link between fashion and music,
 because here comes this thing that's like a total disruption
 and total reversal in large part
 because of this music trend that was going on
 in the Pacific Northwest with bands like Nirvana.
 - It was great.
 It was so perfect, the timing of that.
 And I mean, there we were in the glamorous dresses,
 the beautiful dresses, the finale dresses,
 and then it just went upside down.
 And that was, you know, and that's what it's about.
 That's what makes it fun.
 That's why I love what I do still after all these years
 because you never know what's gonna happen.
 (laughs)
 This one looks scary.
 I'm trying to look at your face.
 (gentle music)
 I taste the vinegar.
 I write about the vinegar.
 It's okay, but this one I know is gonna start
 burning me in five minutes from now.
 (laughs)
 I can tell.
 This one is purely made to make you feel fire.
 - So one of the things that's always fascinated me
 about the world of fashion from the outside looking in
 is the complicated and savage politics
 of sitting front row.
 Why is sitting in the front row,
 why is it such an object of obsession, so important?
 - When you're in the front row seat,
 you get to see everything from head to toe.
 You're gonna miss a little bit as you go up higher.
 You're in the show, basically.
 You're in it.
 You know the camera's gonna get you.
 For me, fashion shows have changed
 because now with the phone, everyone's videoing
 so they don't clap as much as they used to.
 Back in the day when I was in our heyday of doing shows,
 it was so much fun.
 The ambiance was amazing because the people were clapping
 and we could really feel the audience.
 I mean, it's all gonna work out in the end.
 You know what I mean?
 There are worse things to be worried about
 than a front row seat.
 And fighting over a front row seat, I should say.
 That's a big step up, huh?
 Thank you for the warning, Sean.
 Oh, wow.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yup.
 There's not even any,
 and there's any hot sauce in it.
 It's just pepper.
 It's just fire.
 Oh, my God.
 Yup.
 I'm gonna go in for a sip too.
 Careful, touch your-
 I ain't got that one at all.
 I'm saying- My tongue is on fire.
 I'm gonna have to put my tongue in milk.
 There you go.
 (dramatic music)
 It's like a Russian bathhouse.
 Bloody hell.
 So, I've read that some of your favorite places to visit
 include Brazil, Egypt, Italy, Japan, Cambodia, Burma.
 Food-wise, where's your favorite place
 for a street food snack?
 I can't speak.
 (laughs)
 My eyes are watering.
 I love Brazilian food, Indian food, Italian food.
 What I love in Brazilian food,
 I love by Bajaran food from the south of Brazil.
 African food, Senegalese, Chegojen, Yassa,
 Nigerian food, Oforero.
 It's like a spinach with fish.
 I mean, I love food.
 Food is very important to me.
 I can tell.
 All right, two more to go here, Naomi Campbell.
 How you doing?
 I don't know, Sean.
 My nose is running, that's a sign.
 My eyes are watering, that's a sign.
 And my tongue is on fire.
 And I'm heating up from inside.
 Uh-oh.
 I hope I don't faint on you.
 Has anyone ever fainted on this show?
 I've seen a lot of things go down,
 but I've yet to see a faint, Naomi.
 You could be the first.
 And I'd feel helpless over here
 on the other side of the Zoom, you know?
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Wow, that's numbing.
 I feel like it's just like a deep,
 profound pepper taste, you know?
 Oh, my Lord, mercy.
 Give me strength here.
 So, as someone with a front row seat
 to the changes in fashion over the last 30 years,
 you have a unique view on the cyclical nature of culture.
 What's one fashion trend that will never go away
 and then one that you hope never comes back?
 The black dresses never go down the sky.
 And I'm not into,
 I'm not into Crocs.
 Sorry, Crocs, nothing gets your brand.
 It's just not my, I find it a lazy shoe.
 You've done a staggering thousand plus
 magazine covers in your life.
 Pound for pound, which one is your favorite?
 It's hard to pick a favorite.
 Of course, I hope the ones that are dear,
 that were first.
 First to be the black English girl
 in my country of British Vogue.
 First to be the first black woman
 on the cover of French Vogue.
 For me, the ones that broke barriers for my culture.
 First to be on the cover of Time Magazine.
 All of those ones are ones that I hold dear,
 but I don't hold dear for me, I hold dear for the culture.
 And the rest is my life.
 We're almost there, Naomi, we're almost there.
 My eyes are burning, my makeup's running.
 Thank God I don't wear my star up.
 Whoa!
 But we made it, but we made it, Naomi.
 Almost.
 I'm gonna blow my nose so much.
 All right, so this one is called Apollo.
 I'm scared, I'm scared, Sean.
 I get it, I understand, I understand,
 but I'm right here with you, I'm right here with you.
 All right, I'm going for it.
 All right, cheers, Naomi, what a ride it's been, very fun.
 Okay, Naomi Campbell, here we are at the curtain call
 of our dinner date with the Wings of Death.
 We've fully dissected your fashion point of view
 and challenged your unshakable spice tolerance,
 but to close things out, I wanna do an eyeball test.
 I've always marveled at the creativity and nerve
 of hot sauce makers that on the bottle can have everything
 from a friendly mascot turtle
 to a hellish landscape of fire and brimstone.
 So to close things out, I would be honored
 if you could maybe pick out a couple bottles,
 tell me your favorites, tell me your least favorites,
 but I want you to forget about taste.
 This is all about the aesthetic
 and artistic appeal of the label.
 - Da Bomb is the worst because Da Bomb looks like a CD cover
 of a music, what, of a music.
 It's like a music cover to me.
 Hell on Fire, not into it either.
 No, no, no creativity there.
 Angry Goat is cute.
 I like Angry Goat.
 But the classic for me is the West Indian
 because that's the classic to me
 because that's what it looks like to me
 when I was growing up.
 Those are what the classic hot sauce bottles look like
 with a face or a person, you know, back in the day.
 - Well, if I know Shaquanda,
 they're gonna be very excited about that.
 And look at you, Naomi Campbell,
 conquering the Hot Ones gauntlet.
 - I ate it, oh my goodness.
 Oh my God, I was so scared.
 - And now there's nothing left to do,
 but roll out the red carpet for you, Naomi Campbell.
 This camera, possibly a camera B if you set one up,
 but probably just the one that you're looking at.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - I've been really, I love your show.
 And I remember saying, I wanna try that
 because of my love of hot sauce.
 So this was a big fear and challenge
 that I've made it through.
 And now, as you know, we announced
 we are working on the supermodels of "Docu-Series" with Apple
 and many, many things are coming.
 I love the surprise, the element of surprise
 still does it for me.
 (audience clapping)
 - Good job, Naomi, good job.
 - Thank you.
 (laughing)
 - Bloody hell.
 - What is up, Spice Lords?
 Greek god Apollo here to tell you
 that I've harnessed the power of the sun.
 You thought Zeus's lightning bolts were bad?
 Get yourself a load of this.
 It's the Last Dab Apollo,
 the hottest last dab we've ever made.
 You can get yourself a bottle
 of your very own Last Dab Apollo
 on October 22nd at heatness.com.
 Don't miss your shot to get a bottle of your own.
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
