 Flames.
 Yeah.
 Smoking flames on the side of my head.
 Burning.
 Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we close out another season with Neil Patrick Harris.
 He's an Emmy Award winning actor who for decades has entertained audiences on everything
 from acclaimed sitcoms to Broadway stages.
 Subscribe to his Wondercade newsletter for weekly odds and ends from the mind of MPH.
 And finally, he also stars in a brand new comedy series on Netflix.
 It's called Uncoupled and it's streaming now.
 Neil Patrick Harris, welcome to the show.
 It's my great pleasure.
 I know that you're a product of New Mexico.
 How are you around spicy food?
 I know that you're partial to Hatch Chilies.
 Partial to Hatch Green Chilies.
 Love a good red sauce.
 Enchiladas, jalapenos, nachos is my jam.
 Not so much like go for the hot sauce on top of eggs kind of person.
 I like a good wing.
 So yeah, I'm excited.
 I'm nervous.
 You ready to get started?
 I also have a weak digestive system.
 Oh, right, right, right.
 So I'm not worried about this part.
 I'm worried about like two hours from now.
 Yeah, yeah.
 When I'm shitting liquid.
 [laughs]
 Mmm.
 That's good.
 Am I supposed to have it with just a single bite or go for the whole thing?
 What's your plan?
 So I kind of ride with wherever the guest takes it.
 Oh, interesting.
 I mirror the guest.
 Improv game.
 Mm-hmm.
 If I do things like this, then you're going to match me.
 All the way through.
 You grab a milk, you grab a water.
 I'm on it.
 I'm on it just as fast.
 I'm so glad I wore a white suit for this.
 So in the new Netflix series, Uncoupled, you play the role of a New York City real estate agent
 who's agonizing his way through a heartbreak after being dumped unceremoniously by his partner of 17 years.
 How do you think about blending comedy and tragedy?
 Because even though the show has very painful themes, I found it to be a comfort watching experience.
 The tonal element was the trickiest part for me.
 Like, it was the thing I was worried about most.
 But it's a Darren Star show, so it's got a definite Sex and the City, Emily in Paris kind of vibe to it.
 But a breakup show seems fairly relatable and fairly universal.
 My character in it gets dumped, and he thinks everything's fine.
 It's not like they're in a bad relationship and then it ends.
 So it's really rug pulled out from underneath you.
 And so I think the tonal shifts of comedy and then all of a sudden something dramatic happens is kind of how life works.
 And also makes the drama, makes the emotion play, hit harder in many ways, right?
 Because you're not expecting it.
 Mmm.
 Mmm, that's good.
 It's got some pineapple vibe.
 Mm-hmm. The tropical vibe, it's actually out of Hawaii.
 Nice.
 Yeah.
 Mahalo.
 Mahalo.
 So you perform magic for iconic late night hosts, including Johnny Carson, Craig Ferguson and David Letterman.
 Yeah.
 Who would you say is the most criminally underrated magician of all time?
 Because it's interesting to me that Harry Houdini is a household name, but then Howard Thurston isn't.
 Mmm.
 Yeah, that's a good call. Of all time.
 There's a guy named Baltier de Colta who created all kinds of illusions.
 And a lot of the David Copperfields and the big illusionists use these principles of table bases and black art and stuff.
 And I just thought de Colta was super cool.
 He had one, a trick called the de Colta chair.
 And they still do it.
 I think they still do it in The Phantom of the Opera on the big Broadway.
 Where the person sits in a chair and covers themselves with a cloth.
 And then you whip the cloth off.
 You can see the form of the person underneath.
 And when you whip the cloth off, they're gone.
 And it's a whole gimmicked situation, Hobbs.
 And I always thought that that was super cool.
 That's clean, okay.
 From Oaxaca?
 I've been to Oaxaca.
 Oh, well maybe this will take you back.
 It does.
 Okay, that's good and spicy.
 Yeah, this one's a step up.
 Yeah, for sure.
 But it's okay. It's like a mole spice.
 Yeah, yeah, exactly.
 It doesn't feel like a holy fucking shit spice.
 You know, like a joke.
 Right.
 Well, we've got some dorm room pranks.
 We've got some dorm room pranks here, Dama1.
 Assuming that's on its way.
 Mmm, that's clean.
 That's good.
 There we go.
 I've heard you describe yourself as a technical actor
 in a recent New York Times profile.
 A craftsman, not a psychologist.
 Maybe this is morbid, but how would you break down
 the mechanics of dying on camera?
 Like for that death scene in Gone Girl.
 That was intentionally broken down by David Fincher
 for me for that very reason.
 Because it was something that you can't really rehearse too much
 because we would film everything right up to the wet work,
 as he called it.
 And so we did all of that.
 But then once it happened, he really wanted to make sure
 it felt real.
 And you don't really know, you can't really pull from resources
 about what you'd look like when your throat was slit, right?
 Mm-hmm.
 David imagined that with a sharp knife,
 getting your throat slit, you wouldn't feel any pain.
 So he would make me show him what it would look like
 because it was also mid-orgasm.
 So it was, I'm about to, I'm a uh, uh, uh, uh.
 And then it was this very gruesome,
 intentionally gruesome feeling of calm, of confusion,
 of why is everything warm?
 And then, oh, why is it red?
 And then what, then you start blacking out
 because all of the blood that's going to your brain
 is now going out your neck.
 So yeah, it was, it was super technical.
 Fun fact, did you know that you're the second ever Oscars host
 to die in a film that was nominated at the ceremony
 that you were hosting?
 Who was the first?
 Robert Shaw, Jaws.
 Wow.
 I wouldn't think Robert Shaw would be thought of
 as like the funniest choice for an Oscar host.
 That's an interesting call.
 Yeah.
 But carrying on the legacy.
 He had a great death.
 He had a great death.
 You had a great death.
 Oh, thanks.
 And the Oscars talk, it's a lovely segue to the next wing.
 Are you ready to move on?
 Death?
 Segue?
 Okay, here we go.
 This is Los Calientes Verde here in the fourth spot.
 Okay.
 I learned you're supposed to take one of these out
 and suck on the other one,
 but now I'm worried I should take small bites.
 Yeah, speaking of mechanics.
 Mm-hmm.
 You got good wing eating mechanics.
 Yum.
 Okay, I can see why now.
 Yeah.
 Because that's like a lingering warm eat.
 Yeah.
 Sometimes they build.
 Sometimes they have a little time delay to them.
 And then a little bit of a cumulative effect here
 now that we're on four.
 Oh, that's true.
 Yeah.
 It's all now sitting.
 The walls are closing in over here.
 Okay, I'm getting warm.
 Getting warm.
 So between secret numbers with Hugh Jackman
 and raps written on the fly with Lin-Manuel Miranda,
 what would you say is the closest you've ever flown to the sun
 while hosting an award show?
 Oh, man.
 We had done the Tony Awards at a smaller theater,
 and then we got to go back to Radio City.
 And so that was the perfect structural conceit
 for an opening number.
 Let's make it the biggest number we can possibly come up with.
 We'll call it Bigger.
 And we'll just have as many people from as many shows
 for Kitchen Sink It.
 And so we got Lin-Manuel Miranda and Tom Kitt
 to write this number called Bigger.
 Start small, and it just expanded and expanded.
 And so many things could have gone really wrong
 and did at the dress rehearsal that morning,
 did when we were doing the tech rehearsal the day before,
 did when we got all the cast together.
 And for some reason, it all just went impeccably well.
 It's like fun to watch again.
 It still gives me like goosebumps.
 It was one of the great six minutes of my life.
 What's one thing that the Fancy Pants Primetime Emmys
 could learn from the people who put together
 Spike TV's 2010 Video Game Awards?
 Well, the Video Game--
 they did a weird thing with this Video Game Awards that I did.
 Let me know.
 It was the first year they had tried to do augmented reality
 so that the audience at home was seeing something different
 than what the audience there was seeing,
 meaning that there'd be this big wide open stage
 and it would look like the stage collapsed or appeared
 or turned into boxes and stuff.
 So at home, it looked great.
 In the live audience that was sitting there,
 they had to act like things were happening
 when nothing was happening,
 which I felt bad for all of the people who were nominated
 because there was a very boring show for them.
 The Seventh Reaper.
 The Seventh Reaper.
 It's more of like a Texas smokehouse kind of--
 Yeah, very smoky.
 Like beans, like beans in a can.
 Beans over a fireplace, you know?
 Yeah, and I think like three,
 it's kind of another noticeable step up from the other ones.
 It's just making my hands shake a little bit.
 Yeah, it'll be a party over here by the end of this.
 Wow.
 Yeah, man, it gets warmer and warmer the longer you wait.
 That's the show.
 I thought that when you swallowed, it would be done.
 No, no, yeah, that it would just shake clean like an Etch-A-Sketch.
 It doesn't happen.
 No, it doesn't.
 It lingers a lot.
 It gets a little bit worse, actually.
 Okay.
 100% true.
 Paul was such a cool director, but he knew what his strengths were.
 And he knew, and if he didn't have a strength in it,
 he would absolve himself from it.
 So he didn't know like the CG stuff.
 There was a guy named Phil Tippett who was really famous,
 who did all of the bugs and the CG.
 It was one of the first big CG bug movies.
 Now there's a lot of them.
 And so, yeah, he would just say, "Look up there.
 Look in the corner.
 Right.
 Ah, it's the bugs.
 The bugs."
 I wasn't in most of those scenes because I just came marching in
 at the end of the battles and said, "Carry on.
 Everything's fine here."
 Paul also didn't know comedy.
 He didn't care about comedy at all.
 Because I remember asking him, like, "Paul, is it funnier if I say it this way
 or if I say it this way?"
 He said, "I don't know.
 American comedy.
 Just say whatever you think is funniest."
 Thanks, director.
 Are you ready to move on here to the back half?
 If I had a nickel, yes.
 Hot and saucy.
 Hot and saucy.
 Collards.
 And ghost.
 Okay.
 This one is a different color than the others.
 We're getting into, like, a darker, peppery situation.
 So I've heard you say something that I really relate to,
 which is respect for audience has been the North Star throughout your career.
 How did you see that philosophy playing out,
 doing a long-running celebrated sitcom like How I Met Your Mother?
 Too often, content plays down to the people who are observing it.
 The very people that you're having watch,
 you're sort of treating them as if you need to, like, keep focusing them.
 And maybe you do, but I just don't--
 I don't like when I'm watching a show and they say, "Coming up,"
 and then they start to show, like, "RuPaul's Drag Race."
 Love the show.
 And then I'm watching the show.
 Coming up, and they start showing, I'm like, "No, stop it.
 I'm watching the show.
 You're about to show me the best part.
 I'm not going anywhere.
 I'm watching the show."
 So I think you have to respect the audience as much as possible.
 How I Met Your Mother did it.
 Carter and Craig, our creators,
 valued the storytelling conceit of flashing forward,
 I think appreciating inside jokes,
 trusting that an audience that's watching season five
 will still pick up a bit that was a callback from season two,
 those kind of things.
 My lips are stinging.
 Yeah.
 So this next one is "Tear Fiend's Curse."
 That doesn't sound good.
 That doesn't sound promising.
 I agree with you 100%.
 I agree with you 100%.
 "Tear Fiend."
 I like that it's spelled T-Y-R and not T-E-A-R,
 although we'll find out soon.
 This is yellowish in color.
 Has anyone vomited?
 Wow.
 That's spicy.
 It's really tasty.
 Yeah, that's what I was just about to say.
 You're like, "It's hot, but you're enjoying it."
 This is kind of the jalapeno.
 Wow, that's really hot.
 But it's like the jalapeno hot, which I laugh at sometimes
 because I'll eat real hot jalapeno
 and then I'll just want to have like another bite of jalapeno.
 Some addictive thing with, "Wow, that's so hot though."
 Yeah, but I like when I end up in that sort of culinary space
 where it's like really spicy, but so delicious
 that it becomes this labor of love,
 this dance that I'm having with my meal.
 Wow.
 Okay, so now do you have something like this
 in your refrigerator right now?
 This spicy?
 When I'm off the clock, I'm a lot of juice,
 a lot of salads, a lot of cereal.
 But you won't compliment your eggs
 with something super crazy hot, right?
 Not when I'm off the clock.
 No, they got to bring the cameras for that.
 That is hot.
 So I really enjoyed your appearance.
 I'm the woodworking talk show with Steve Ramsey.
 What so far has been the crowning achievement,
 the crowning design achievement of your garage workshop?
 So I literally just did the first Steve Ramsey
 weekend woodworker project called the BMW.
 Oh, hell yeah.
 The basic mobile workstation made out of one sheet of plywood,
 two two-by-fours and one one-by-four.
 And I was so emasculated by the experience.
 It was so traumatizing and challenging.
 And I appreciate woodworkers on a whole different level
 because you know, you have to work through it.
 Everything was like a little off and wobbly.
 It was so frustrating.
 But I did it.
 I finished it.
 And I'm actually quite proud of it.
 I talked so long there just to kind of calm my,
 my core down.
 Well, not long enough because you gave me
 just that little lull to jump in.
 So this is to bomb beyond insanity.
 There's a particular corner I should grab.
 There's no place to hide.
 Okay.
 I don't want to.
 Wow.
 It tastes like poison.
 Oof.
 Yeah.
 I don't want to swallow it.
 I know.
 I'm going to do it.
 I keep chewing hoping that it'll go away.
 There's nowhere to hide.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 That's freaky.
 Freakishly hot.
 Freakishly hot.
 Flames.
 Yeah.
 Smoking flames on the side of my head.
 Burning.
 It's from Clue, the movie.
 But you are very composed.
 I have to say that.
 I have to say that.
 Very composed though.
 Thanks.
 I'm also this way when I'm drunk.
 People will tell me that I'm a decent drunk.
 Like I'll say, "Wow, I drank too much last night."
 People say, "Really?
 You didn't seem like you were that messed up."
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 So your weekly newsletter, WonderKate,
 is a mix of Negroni hacks and culinary musings
 and pearls of wisdom.
 What made you want to filter your hobbies
 through a newsletter rather than, say,
 a TikTok account like every other celebrity?
 That's a perfect question,
 and I have an actual legit answer for it.
 I like old, I like tactile, old-timey things.
 I like finding a recipe in an actual drawer
 of a shop, you know, like an antique store.
 Like that's the recipe I want to try.
 You like typewriters.
 I love typewriters.
 I really do.
 I know you do.
 And so the notion that if you sign up,
 every Wednesday you'll get a newsletter.
 You can read it at your leisure,
 but it's not something that you have to watch
 on, like, an Instagram feed.
 You don't have to watch quickly.
 I am almost crying while I'm giving that answer.
 I am tearing up.
 Like, I actually have tears coming out of my eyes right now.
 And then WonderKate is a riddle workout of the mind
 as much as it is a midweek diversion.
 What remains hot while it's frozen and tastes like doom
 and then when you cut the wrong wire,
 the place goes boom.
 Da Bomb?
 I see what you did there.
 I was thinking, that's a riddle and I'm about to die inside.
 And I put those two things together.
 Da Bomb is no joke.
 Should we try it again?
 If you're gonna go there.
 Let's see.
 Let's see what, because now I'm wondering if my mouth
 is kind of ready for it.
 Yeah, I love this.
 Now that you know what to expect.
 Right, now that it was awful.
 Is it gonna be better than next time?
 Or am I already predisposed to it?
 No, it's fucking really hot.
 No, it sucks just as bad as it did the first time, Neil.
 Almost worse.
 The same receptors that were making me cry are now mad at me
 that I've made that dumb choice to eat it again.
 Wow.
 Why did I do that?
 I don't know.
 And why did I listen to you?
 You should have stopped me.
 You're the host of this show.
 Wow.
 Are you ready to move?
 I took a big bite that time too.
 Yeah, you like basically clean this wing.
 Season 18 finale.
 We're going out with a bang.
 This next one
 is the Dingo Psycho Sauce.
 That was my nickname in prison.
 Dingo Psycho Sauce.
 This is a 15 out of 10.
 Yep, and sucks just the same.
 But at least it feels like a meal.
 Like I feel, yeah, I feel it's kind of like a spicy curry.
 It has a spicy curry vibe to it.
 So right.
 Some redeeming culinary qualities with this one.
 None in the other one.
 That's just making me sweat though.
 There we go.
 Maybe we had second to bomb life.
 Wow.
 What to you distinguishes a great escape room from a mediocre one?
 Puzzles that
 aren't just
 placed into the room for no reason.
 So if puzzles that are supported by the narrative.
 Everything in the room should make sense.
 Like you don't want to be doing a Sherlock Holmes escape room and then you have to suddenly do a Sudoku puzzle.
 That doesn't make much sense, you know, so as long as they all like and I like a good secret like a trap door.
 So a lot of times escape rooms will seem like it's one room.
 And then when you finally put the fourth gem into the thing like something open, there's a second room and you get to like crawl through a little tunnel tunnels are fun too.
 Oh man.
 Now it burns so consistently.
 Yeah, it doesn't feel to me now that we've done this and it's ever going to stop.
 Yeah, so my body is just kind of getting used to talking to you.
 Yeah, we're forever changed.
 Truly.
 We've crossed over.
 All right, Neil.
 Okay.
 Oh, you're shaking it.
 You don't have to if you don't want to.
 Well, when you put it like that.
 No, I'm going to pass.
 Okay, last dab.
 Oh, hey, this is as hot ones.
 Yeah, yeah, this is your own.
 Yeah, we make this one.
 But you know what, if you don't like it, just like you didn't like this one.
 Yeah, let us know.
 Let us know.
 I'm having like when you're inhaling and exhaling through your mouth right now.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So that yeah, you know, I'm from Chicago.
 So sometimes during the winter, I feel like the cold weather has a taste to it.
 And then this is like the antithesis of that.
 So this already has this on there.
 Yeah.
 And now I'm adding more.
 Did you add like a whole bunch?
 I just, you know, I probably overdid it a little bit.
 That's where I'm at, you know, okay.
 Season 18 finale.
 Let's do this, baby.
 Cheers.
 Cheers.
 It's really hot.
 I know.
 I know.
 But the good news is Neil Patrick Harris, this marks the end of our Bizarro World lunch
 and puts a cherry on the top of season 18.
 And to close things out, you know, you're the product of such wonderment, such imagination.
 And to really put a bow on season 18, I present to you a magic kit.
 And you would be so humbled if you would put a bow on season 18 with an impromptu Neil
 Patrick Harris magic trick.
 We got a standard deck of cards in there and then a whole bunch of fun stuff.
 Yeah, I'm just, I'm just, I use my heat breath.
 Whoa.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Here is Neil Patrick Harris standing ovation in the studio.
 And look at you taking on the wings of death and living to tell the tale and now there's
 nothing left to do but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera, let the people know what you have going on in
 your life.
 And talk about things I'm doing?
 Yeah, like if you have a show coming out or anything like that.
 Watch Uncoupled on Netflix, binge them all, half hour episodes and you get to see my
 naked butt.
 That's all I got.
 Oh wow.
 That's a hot ones experience.
 Nice.
 That was fun.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 And now what do you do?
 Milk?
 Yeah, you just survive but 15, 20 minutes, you'll be good to go.
 And they'll never be able to take this one away from you Neil.
 You did it.
 Well played man.
 That was fun.
 Woo.
 Oh.
 Hey, what's going on Hot Ones fans?
 We brought the heat to the freezer aisle with our Hot Ones Boneless Chicken Bites and you
 smashed sales records and all of our wildest expectations.
 So what did we do?
 We made more.
 That's right.
 We are in with five new flavors of Hot Ones Boneless Chicken Bites and five new ways for
 you to bring Hot Ones home.
 From the classic to the classic garlic Fresno edition to the Los Calientes Trio of Flavor.
 Verde, Rojo, Barbacoa.
 Visit Hot OnesChallenge.com for more information and to find a store near you.
 Hot Ones Boneless Chicken Bites.
 You're in the hot seat now.
 now.
