 Yeah, I don't think this was a good material to wear on this show.
 -Holy moly. -I know.
 Here we go.
 Hey, what's going on, everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans, and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Niall Horan.
 You can catch him as a first-time coach on NBC's hit show The Voice,
 which returns for season 23 March 7th.
 And more exciting news, we have brand new music.
 The single, which is lovely by the way, is called "Heaven,"
 as well as his newly announced album The Show,
 which is set to drop on June 8th, but available for pre-order now.
 Niall Horan, welcome to the show.
 Thank you.
 It's great to be here.
 I'm very nervous, Sean.
 Well, I feel like this has been kind of years in the making, you know?
 Finally, we're pushed in the room together.
 What's going through your head as you prepare to take on the wings of death?
 Oh, well, I love watching the show.
 I'll let you know how I feel doing it.
 I'm a huge fan. I love what you've done.
 It's just a genius concept, and I've always wanted to do it.
 And everyone was like blown away when I told them that I was doing it.
 And I'm seeing it in front of me, and it's making me scared.
 And people were walking around with gloves on, bringing in milk and water.
 I'm like, "Ah!"
 I've already started sweating.
 But let's go.
 [music]
 Okay, all right. Here we go.
 [music]
 Hmm.
 Mm-hmm.
 Classic.
 You're teasing me.
 [laughs]
 So, as you mentioned in your intro, it's your first time releasing new solo music in nearly
 three years, announcing the name for your third album, The Show, and then just days
 ago dropping a music video for the lead single, "Heaven."
 I'm always curious how an artist decides on a lead single, especially after a prolonged
 hiatus.
 What was it about "Heaven" that screamed to you that this is the song that fans should
 hear first?
 I think it's one of those songs that the concept sums up what you're going to hear from the
 record.
 It's a life, big thought song.
 And it also gives everything sonically, production-wise, everything is kind of all in heaven.
 So it's a good tee-up for what you're going to get from the rest of the record.
 It's a good sing-along.
 When we wrote the song, we were having a great time.
 Anyone I've played it to since kind of sings along with the melody.
 And yeah, so it's just kind of a, everyone agreed that this should be the first single.
 [laughs]
 Right.
 Let's do it.
 What's that flavor?
 Maybe you're picking up like the ranch.
 Could be just straight ranch that you're picking up.
 Yeah.
 It's got like a pickly, a little pickle-y flavor to it.
 A little pickle vibe to it maybe.
 Yeah.
 I like that one.
 There we go.
 Do I get to keep all of these?
 Actually, you totally do.
 Do I?
 We pack them all up for you and give them to you on your way out.
 Amazing.
 Right.
 I do tend to lean for a hot sauce with most dinners I have or lunches or whatever.
 Oh, okay, cool.
 I don't want to be that guy.
 I've seen too many people come on here and be like, "I'm going to nail this."
 And then they're crying, spitting into buckets.
 But yeah, that one was nice.
 There we go.
 Your lead single, "Heaven," it has these gear shifts that are so dynamic, so sublime within
 them.
 From a songwriting perspective, what's the key to an effective bridge in your opinion?
 Do you know what?
 I've been doing a lot recently.
 I'm doing the pre again.
 Doing the pre-chorus again.
 But yeah, bridges is just like, sometimes it's like a tension and release kind of thing.
 You've got a lot of information in verse, chorus, verse, chorus, and then it's just a
 complete departure to get away to the bridge and give them some new information in the story.
 I'm always trying to find, if you can't find a good bridge, the trick is to go back to
 do the pre again, do the pre-chorus again.
 That's the hack.
 Yeah.
 If you can't get a good bridge and you get to a certain point at the end of the second
 chorus and you go for a new thing, new chords, new melody, and it doesn't work, get the old
 pre back up.
 Yeah, he looks dangerous, this guy.
 Yeah, for sure.
 All right, here we go.
 Tasty.
 Oh, it's got a kick.
 It's got a little after kick.
 You know, yeah, exactly.
 I think sometimes these sauces, they hear you compliment them and then they hit.
 Bang, slap in the face.
 Slap in the face.
 That's what you get for underestimating me.
 Wow.
 Okay, now it's starting to heat up.
 I get what you mean.
 I'm still okay.
 I can see it.
 But number three, the fact that it's hit me at number three.
 Me too, though, if it makes you feel any better.
 Right?
 We're in the same boat here.
 We're in the same boat.
 So your new role as a coach on NBC's The Voice is a true full circle moment going from the
 audition stage where your career began to now your role of coach and mentor from your
 spinning chair throne.
 You strike me as a really nice guy.
 How do you navigate the role that rejection plays in a music competition show like The
 Voice?
 Yeah, I'll be honest, but that's the part I've struggled with because I know what it's
 like to be 16 and stood on a stage and looking at some famous dude that's got your future
 in his hands.
 The easy part is pressing the red button, spinning the chair, saying how you like someone.
 But when the chair turns around and you're not with them, how do you give them that rejection
 feedback?
 And that's where I've struggled with it.
 But it's full circle stuff.
 And I've got to say, I've really enjoyed it.
 Apart from the rejection, I've really enjoyed it.
 How would Niall, the coach of today, judge his own 2010 audition?
 I wouldn't have turned.
 I wouldn't have turned.
 Not for that guy.
 I was at the right place, right time.
 No, I don't think I would have turned for myself, put it that way.
 I'd turn for me now.
 I've learned a lot.
 I've been around the block a couple of times, which a lot can be said for someone who's
 29.
 But yeah, I'd turn now, I wouldn't have turned then.
 That's the truth.
 [music]
 Okay, here we go.
 And I think it almost goes down a shift.
 We're going down a gear here.
 Don't speak too soon though.
 Don't speak too soon.
 We're going back to the pre-chorus.
 Exactly.
 No bridge just yet.
 Don't need that complete departure until the bomb.
 It looks so scary, the bomb.
 Don't take yourself out yet.
 Don't take yourself out yet.
 Yeah, I'm good.
 I'm good so far.
 I've made it to four and I haven't puked or anything.
 Yeah, they can't take that away from you now.
 You can't take that away from you.
 How did it go?
 Well, I got past four without snot running down my face.
 So, they can't take that away from you, right?
 So while music is your first love, I know that you have a passion for golf that began
 as a kid in childhood, staying up late so that you could watch the Masters from Ireland.
 And then here you are all these years later playing some of the best golf courses in the
 world with a single digit handicap.
 When you think back on all the pro AMs and celebrity tournaments you've played, to date,
 what has been your crowning golf achievement?
 Wow, that's a good question.
 I played Riviera in the Genesis Open with my good friend Justin Rose about five years
 ago and I wasn't very good at the time.
 But somehow I made five real life birdies on the back nine, which is I've never done
 ever since and I probably never do again to make five birdies in nine holes.
 But I don't know where it came from and we ended up winning the pro AM.
 So that was a good golfing achievement.
 Do you have a go-to swing thought?
 I've got five or six.
 Tempo is my number one.
 Tempo?
 Yeah, like keep it slow.
 I always hear, like my friend Justin always says that, pretend you're like winding up
 like a jack in the box.
 Slow back, quick through.
 Kinetic energy, apparently.
 And then do you have a 19th hole tradition?
 About six points of Guinness.
 There we go.
 That's the way to do it.
 Six points of Guinness in an Uber home.
 Leave the car in the parking lot, guys.
 All right.
 Good advice.
 Are you ready to move on here to the halfway point?
 You're doing great, by the way.
 Here we go.
 So this next one is the Brooklyn Deli ghost pepper sauce.
 Brooklyn Deli.
 Oh, I've seen this one before.
 Mm hmm.
 Mm, I like that.
 Well, here it comes.
 Yeah.
 Slow burn.
 Leaves kind of a trail behind, you know?
 It's long too.
 It's not one of those quick snappy.
 Oh, holy moly.
 Wasn't expecting that.
 All right.
 Now we have a recurring segment on our show called Explain That, Graham, where we do a
 deep dive on our guest's Instagram, pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So we'll pull the picture up over here on the monitor.
 You just tell us the bigger story.
 Right.
 Now, there he is.
 What's the most Scottish thing about Lewis Capaldi and what would he say is the most
 Irish thing about you?
 Everything is Scottish about Lewis.
 There's nothing else about him.
 He's the most Scottish man I've ever met.
 His ability to hold his accent, no matter where he goes, no matter who he's speaking
 to and not give two flying Fs as to if they can understand him or not.
 That's the most Scottish thing ever.
 Well, I've kind of spent so much time in America that over the years I've realized maybe I
 should slow down because they actually don't understand what I'm saying.
 Like people would look at me with like, like I've got 10 heads.
 Lewis's ability to not care is his most Scottish thing.
 And I think he's actually talking faster to Americans.
 To see how much he can annoy.
 First time myself and Lewis met Sean, we were in a bar and like it was a club kind of vibe
 in LA.
 Yeah, yeah.
 West Hollywood nightclub vibe.
 Yeah.
 Through and through.
 I don't know why we were there, but we were there anyway.
 And Sean, you come over and to say hello.
 And I was like, I was tapping Lewis.
 I was like, Lewis, look who it is.
 And Lewis goes to you.
 I don't give a fuck what anyone says, man.
 This is the most starstruck I've ever been.
 And he was deadly serious.
 Mark, can I take your number?
 I want to come on the show.
 He was cracking me up.
 He was like, well, two of us.
 I was like, this is sick.
 Cracking me up too.
 But you know what?
 It's nice to get that kind of a hero's welcome.
 Yeah.
 Walking into a dark cavernous nightclub.
 Yes, correct.
 Yeah.
 We're going around.
 It's all sorts going on in there.
 And then we see you like it's a yeah, we're both huge fans.
 Oh, what a night.
 And you know what?
 We've gotten you in here now.
 Now we just have to get Lewis.
 Yeah, come on.
 Come on, Capaldi.
 It's easy.
 All right, here we go.
 No afterburn.
 We're good.
 You think you're good?
 Yeah.
 Oh, do I think I'm good?
 Hopefully we're good.
 Hopefully we're good.
 Do I think I'm good or are you telling me that I should be expecting something?
 You know, sometimes this one hits a little bit later.
 I was nervous coming in here and I should still be nervous, but I don't want to be that
 guy that like I want to see myself perspire and like snot's rolling everywhere.
 Yeah, it's better.
 It's better TV.
 Do you have a most thrilling memory from the pitch reflecting back on your multiple Socrates
 appearances?
 I remember one time I played a game at Old Trafford, Manchester United Stadium.
 The first time I ever played it.
 And I've got bad knees, so I was only going to play like 15, 20 minutes anyway.
 But I remember walking onto the pitch and the first person that passed me the ball was
 Ronaldinho.
 And the second person that passed me the ball was Cafu.
 And both of those guys have won a World Cup.
 And I'm just looking around the pitch and it's just like legend, legend World Cup winner,
 Champions League winner, Premier League winner, and me with the skinny legs and the bucketty
 knees.
 And Socrates, it's just like, it's the best.
 It's like our dream.
 And we get to play with legends like that.
 It's such a cool thing.
 I can't stop staring at the bomb.
 Right.
 It like it telltale hearts you a little bit.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 I haven't touched the milk yet.
 I've noticed that.
 I've noticed that, by the way.
 Clock that.
 All right.
 Are you ready to move on here to sauce number seven?
 I guess I am.
 So this next one, Dreams of Calypso.
 Here we go.
 It's kicking in.
 Yeah.
 Feeling my way around here.
 I'm afraid to like go and get the little bits in case they're spicy.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 And let's like it activates something.
 Yeah.
 Kick something loose.
 All right.
 That's got a little kick.
 That's a prolonged one.
 It's like while they get there and then it just goes boom.
 Exactly.
 We have a little bit of like a cumulative effect, I think, you know.
 I feel like after seven, we're just layering one onto the next over here, you know.
 So I've heard you talk about the influence that the 70s has on you.
 Bands like the Eagles, Fleetwood Mac.
 But I'm curious, how much of your songwriting instincts do you simply attribute to growing
 up in Ireland and being steeped in such a rich tradition of words?
 Yeah.
 Well, I've always kind of grown up on that and grown up on Irish singer songwriters like
 Damien Rice and things like that.
 So he's obviously played a big part in what I do.
 Excuse me.
 It's kicking in now.
 Excuse moi.
 That's really rude, isn't it?
 But I'm sure you've seen a lot worse.
 Not on this show.
 Not on this show.
 You have a real long leash.
 Real long leash.
 But how I naturally write would have a Celtic influence and then lyrics lead into that
 kind of storytelling that we are kind of known for.
 I'm no James Joyce, but you know.
 If you were to walk into a country pub and somebody gave you an acoustic guitar, is there
 a go-to song that you'd go to first to win the room over?
 Oh, that's a great question.
 But you can't go wrong with The Fields of Athenry.
 That's a big Irish kind of like, big Irish pub anthem.
 Anywhere that's heard in Ireland, it gets sung along to.
 Usually when I go into a bar, unless they were handed to me in the first drink or two, don't
 come near me after a few.
 Everyone's like, "Oh, sing us a song."
 I'm like, "No, I can't.
 I can't.
 I shouldn't because it'd be a disaster."
 People have phones these days.
 Right, right.
 I don't want to be seen all over internet.
 It's containment.
 Yeah.
 Is there an Irish slang, maybe specifically, Kanye West-meat that you can't shake no matter
 how many spins around the world you take?
 That's such a good question.
 I need a second on that one.
 Oh, God.
 Go way out with that.
 What?
 Go way out with that.
 Go way out with that?
 If you said something that was really shocking to me, I'd go, "Go way out with that."
 That's a lie.
 Go way out with that.
 Go on.
 I'm cheering you on.
 I'd say, "Go on.
 Go on."
 Well, on that topic, this next wing is to bomb beyond insanity.
 My message, Niall, go on.
 You take that one up very nicely.
 Look at the color of it compared to the rest of them.
 I mean, I'm trying to find my side.
 I've actually got the shakes.
 Right.
 I've been nervous about this for about seven years.
 Oh, no.
 Here it comes.
 And this is just-
 Here's the perspiration that Brian Cranston was talking about.
 Nothing can prepare you for it.
 And that you were talking about, you know?
 You're like, "I want this to kick in.
 Let's get it going."
 That good TV you were asking for.
 It was just in the mouth before.
 Now it's-
 Everywhere.
 I don't think this was a good material to wear on this show.
 Holy moly.
 I know.
 Here we go.
 I know.
 I'm going in too.
 Sean.
 Niall.
 This is a dangerous society this.
 I want to see myself first beret.
 Like, snot's rolling everywhere.
 Yeah.
 It's better TV.
 Wow.
 I know.
 Please tell me it's downhill from here, please.
 So it'll probably continue to grow on us just a little bit.
 Really?
 Right?
 Once this kind of mushroom cloud of Da Bomb clears, on the other side of it, it's all
 downhill.
 It's all downhill.
 But the next, I don't know, 45 seconds to a minute and a half, we're in the storm.
 We're in the storm, Niall.
 Careful.
 Careful.
 Yeah, there you go.
 There you go.
 I nearly made the mistake.
 You're almost.
 Almost.
 So when we had your One Direction bandmate, Liam Payne, on the show, he told this story
 about how he playfully trashed your car, then took a picture of it, and then posted it to
 the internet, but never blurred out the license plate.
 What do you remember about the fallout of having your car tracked by fans for a time?
 I remember just going, "Why did you do that?"
 It was outside a studio.
 I was in recording a vocal.
 Holy moly.
 I know.
 I know.
 No comment, your honor.
 That's going to be shaking, that one.
 It was outside a studio.
 I was inside doing a vocal, and I came back out, and him and Louie had put garden chairs
 all over the car.
 It was like mops, buckets, about 10 rolls of toilet roll.
 He just took a picture and put it on the internet, and there was my license plate all over the
 internet.
 I had even a fear of blurring it out.
 I really get it now, folks.
 This is not as easy as it looks.
 You know those people, it's like, I'm like it.
 I've seen it before.
 I've watched the show a thousand times.
 There is an element of, "Oh, that's spicy," but also, is it?
 Are they acting?
 Are they doing it?
 It's natural.
 When you're watching the show, you're like, "Oh, well, how would I handle that?"
 Then you end up in the seat, different story.
 It's just that the edges of my lips and the tip of my tongue are just on fire now for
 the rest of the day, I hope.
 I hope not.
 Okay, please say this is easy.
 Right?
 Yep.
 But?
 No, nowhere near.
 Not like the last one, not like the last one.
 It's just adding to what the bomb did.
 Yeah, sometimes it can kind of wake the bomb up again, you know?
 Yeah, when the bomb starts to go to sleep.
 Undertaker in the coffin coming up.
 Taco Vibe comes in and goes, "Get it up."
 I've heard you gush about playing the kind of outdoor amphitheaters that you find in
 the United States.
 What makes a place like Red Rocks your favorite stage to perform on?
 Yeah, I love the amphitheaters.
 Nothing better than going on stage when the sun's setting and on the last tour, we sold
 it out and I was like blown away.
 One of the better nights of my life.
 You've got all you can see is all these beautiful rocks and an ocean of people.
 Just a really, really, really cool experience.
 I do, I enjoy the amphitheaters in general.
 You feel like you're on tour when you're playing the amphitheaters.
 All right, Niall.
 I made it.
 I need to do it with two hands in case I get a bit aggressive.
 Slow hands.
 There you go.
 That's perfect.
 That's perfect.
 Yeah, happy with that?
 I'm happy with that.
 I can't believe it.
 I can't believe we're at number 10.
 I never thought it was.
 Right.
 Cheers.
 Thanks for having me.
 Of course.
 Thanks for coming in.
 Body and the wings, long overdue.
 Whoa.
 I know.
 The dab.
 Yeah.
 Kind of fell off the wing and hit the back of my throat straight away.
 That happens.
 I've been there.
 I know.
 That's not far off the bomb.
 Maybe it's because of the accumulation.
 And I think it might have been just the way in which it attacked you.
 You know?
 It was just a bullseye landing.
 Nothing fun about that.
 Nothing fun about that.
 But the worst is over.
 We're in the clear.
 And before we get to this final question, I have to give you some context.
 So back in 2017, Liam said in his interview that you were his favorite person to grab
 a cheeky beer with.
 And back in 2017, when that episode was being worked on by one of our editors, Mari, she
 was pregnant at the time, thinking about baby names, lots of things bouncing around in her
 head and no joke.
 Just the way that he said cheeky beer with Niall, that's what inspired her to actually
 name her firstborn son Niall.
 All right?
 I thought you were going to say she was going to call the baby cheeky beer.
 Also a good name.
 Also a good name.
 That baby, though, is now four and a half years old.
 Okay?
 So we're going to go to the monitor because Niall and Mari have a final wing 10 question
 for you.
 That is crazy, by the way.
 So I want you to meet Niall.
 Oh, my God.
 Hello.
 And his current favorite song is- Here, can you tell him what your favorite song is?
 His favorite song is What Makes You Beautiful.
 And while I do love that song, we've heard it quite a few times now.
 So I was just wondering if you can recommend another song for a mom in a car that would
 be played many times over and over again for a five-year-old.
 Love you.
 Thanks, bye.
 Niall needs a new Niall song.
 I can't believe that.
 That's amazing.
 I knew that Niall became a popular name at one point, but-
 I didn't see the way that it coalesced with Hot Ones to actually, you know-
 That's amazing.
 In real life, yeah.
 Okay, great question.
 He likes What Makes You Beautiful.
 Heaven by Niall Horan.
 You can stream it now.
 You heard that, Niall.
 Go check it out.
 Grab your mom's credit card.
 Get that on iTunes.
 And look at your- Oh, I caught that right there.
 Yeah, go again.
 Do that again.
 All right.
 And look at you.
 Niall Horan taking on the wings of death, living to tell the tale.
 Now there's nothing left to do but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 Thank you for watching.
 I've got my new song Heaven that's out right now.
 I've got my album called The Show.
 It's coming out June 9th.
 And I hope you enjoy it.
 I'll see you somewhere soon.
 You did it.
 I did it.
 I cannot believe I did it.
 Holy crap.
 I literally did this.
 Where are we going?
 Just...
 You know what's so good?
 I wasn't even looking at you and I knew what to do because I've watched it that many times.
 Wow.
 Hot Ones fans, breaking news.
 The 3-in-1 Boneless Bites Challenge is back for a limited time.
 You can put your taste buds to the test against some of our most iconic flavors.
 The classic Los Calientes and the Peak of Heat Apollo.
 But don't fret Hot Ones fans.
 Even when the 3-in-1 Challenge leaves the freezer aisle,
 you can still pick up your favorite flavor of Hot Ones Boneless Bites.
 Visit HotOnesChallenge.com for more information on products
 and to find a store near you because it's time to bring the heat home.
 [music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
