 (dramatic music)
 - Man, this show is crazy.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 Today we're joined by Olivia Rodrigo.
 She's a singer-songwriter whose double platinum debut single
 Driver's License broke all kinds of records,
 including Spotify's most streamed song in a week ever.
 She followed that up with her critically acclaimed
 No Skips album Sour, which likewise shot to the top
 of the billboard charts.
 It's been Olivia Rodrigo's year,
 but how does she handle the spiciest wings on the planet?
 That's the real question and we'll find out today.
 Olivia Rodrigo, welcome to the show.
 - Hi, I'm so nervous, but so excited.
 I was just telling you off camera that I've watched
 so many episodes in preparation,
 but very stoked to be here, thank you for having me.
 - What is going through your head right now?
 Like are you a fan of hot sauce?
 - Not at all, which is why it's gonna be interesting
 to see how I act.
 I am the worst with spice, like literally,
 I like think that bell peppers are spicy
 and I don't eat bell peppers, so like,
 this is gonna be fun.
 (laughs)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 - The handle, okay.
 I'm just gonna go.
 Okay, not bad at all.
 - So in the intro I mentioned how you're smashing
 all kinds of records and I'm sure that you've long felt
 that there's something special about the music,
 but even you have to be surprised by how quick
 and how big everything's blown up.
 Are you aware of this driver's license extended
 cinematic universe whereby fans will remix the song
 from the perspective of like that blonde girl
 or the physical driver's license itself?
 - Yeah, that was actually super cool
 to like watch everyone like create stuff
 with the song that I created and people were like
 so fond of it, like there was one like from the perspective
 of the road and like stuff like that.
 Well, I love songwriters and this was like really cool
 to see people write songs to like something
 that I had made, it was really cool.
 - And then what's the origin story of the cover art?
 Because that likewise has been reimagined
 a million different ways online.
 - Yeah, we were at another shoot and I like knew
 that the album was gonna be called Sour
 and one of my makeup artists was like,
 let's just like put it on your tongue.
 Like let's just like cut out the letters
 and like put it on your tongue.
 I was like, that's really cool.
 And so when it came time to do the actual shoot,
 we like put sour on my tongue and put a bunch of stickers
 on my face, which I thought was cool.
 And I was so like pissed off in the photo
 and there was like these like happy stickers on me
 and I thought it was like a cool like metaphor
 or something like that.
 But yeah, it's been cool to see people recreate that too.
 Okay.
 Wait, do it together.
 Cheers. - Cheers.
 (gentle music)
 - Good so far.
 - So I understand that your overnight success story
 wasn't so overnight at all actually,
 taking singing lessons at five years old
 and then not long after doing singing showcases
 and performing at grocery store openings
 nearly every weekend.
 Do you remember the first ever local talent show
 that you won?
 Like can you paint the picture for us?
 - Oh my gosh.
 Yeah, I do remember.
 It was called like, it was like for like
 the Boys and Girls Club.
 And it was like a Boys and Girls Club like idol or something.
 And I was so stoked and they gave me a trophy
 that was like as tall as me at the end.
 And they like gave me like a big like check with like,
 it was like, it was like $100 just to think
 but like at eight years old, I was like,
 oh my God, I'm rich.
 I can buy an American Girl doll.
 I've like always been singing and making music
 since I could literally talk.
 And I've been writing songs since I was like nine years old.
 And it's so funny to like watch old videos of me back.
 I was like so like confident,
 just like go up there and like own it.
 I'd like wish that I was still like that nowadays,
 but it's a little more difficult when you're older.
 (soft music)
 It's good.
 - Little bit of a step up.
 - Yeah, I'm okay though, I'm okay.
 I'm definitely at a higher temperature
 than I was before I sat down at this table,
 but I'm all right.
 - That's the slow roasted nature of hot ones.
 - Slow roasted.
 I love that.
 - So it's clear from watching your music videos
 that there's a certain sentimental chord that you can hit.
 For example, mixing in VHS effects
 or cult classic horror movie references
 and a song like "Good For You."
 How do you think about blending in novelty
 and nostalgia in your art?
 - Oh my gosh.
 This is a thoughtful question.
 I've always been like such a visual artist.
 Like every time I hear like a song of mine,
 I like can like instantly like sort of picture
 like what it looks like.
 And I don't know, maybe that's like my style
 of songwriting too, but yeah,
 I'm really inspired by vintage things
 and I'm obsessed with the nineties
 and nineties music and nineties pop culture.
 And so there's definitely nods to that in my music,
 but also like I was born in 2003.
 It's very much a Gen Z sort of thing.
 So I mean that like inevitably shows itself
 in everything I do.
 - Speaking of the "Good For You" video,
 I know that scene where you're in a bedroom
 that's filling up with water.
 There's no CGI involved.
 The curtains behind you are actually on fire.
 - Hell yeah.
 - Is that something that you can do multiple takes
 or is that the kind of scene
 like where you really have only just one shot?
 - We really like had one shot.
 That was so much fun that they literally like built a room,
 like flooded it and then like set shit on fire.
 It was so cool.
 And like my poor manager was like so worried the whole time.
 She was like, "Oh my God, don't burn to death."
 But it was so much fun.
 It's always fun to do practical effects
 and that music video was just so much fun.
 We shot the entire thing in a day.
 We're just like running on adrenaline.
 So yeah, it was a good experience.
 - All right, speaking of running on adrenaline,
 are you ready to move on here to the next hot sauce?
 - Yeah, I'm actually surprised.
 I thought I'd be dying by now.
 I know we have like a long way to go.
 This one?
 - Just enjoy this as long as you can.
 - Oh God.
 Don't get used to it, girl.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 - Not bad.
 - I feel good.
 I was so nervous.
 I'm probably gonna die like come like here.
 - But right now, so far,
 doing laps around any expectation you had
 for yourself so far.
 - Yeah, I really thought I was gonna die
 after the first one.
 I am so bad at spice.
 - So I've spoken to comedians in the past, right?
 When they have something in their head
 that makes them laugh, they think about,
 where does this joke work best?
 You know, does it work best in my standup material?
 Does it work best in a TV sketch?
 Does it work best in a pilot?
 I'm curious as a musician
 who covers such a wide gamut of styles,
 how do you know when a feeling or an idea
 will fit best in like a pop punk song
 versus like a heartbreak ballad
 versus like an alt rock anthem?
 - I feel like sometimes it doesn't always have
 to like be so linear.
 Like some of my favorite music is music
 that's like super upbeat,
 but like the lyrics are like so fucking depressing.
 I don't know, I think that's the cool thing
 about making music in 2021
 is everything's becoming increasingly genre-less
 and you can just like do whatever you want.
 I'm always like very like lyric centered person
 to like answer your question.
 And anytime I'm like coming up with an idea,
 like a comedian would,
 I just always like write it down on my phone.
 And every single song that I've ever made
 is usually like started from that place.
 - In an interview with Rolling Stone,
 you talk about how much you don't like vocal chops.
 (laughs)
 What are some other tropes in pop music
 that you actively try to steer clear from?
 - Oh, that's really difficult.
 'Cause I love everything.
 I would be like, oh, I don't like like down the middle pop,
 but I like love down the middle pop,
 so I don't know what it is.
 I don't know.
 I am like a big musical theater lover
 and I make my songs like so dramatic sometimes
 and my producer has to be like,
 reel it in Olivia, reel it in.
 It's actually good.
 It's like delicious.
 You're single-handedly like expanding my taste.
 (laughs)
 - All right, Olivia, we have a recurring segment
 on our show called Explain That Gram
 where we do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 - Oh my God, I'm scared.
 - So we'll pull up the picture on the monitor.
 You just tell us the bigger story.
 Can you give us two highlights and one low light
 from your first trip to London?
 - Oh, okay.
 First of all, that outfit, which I really love.
 That's definitely a highlight.
 I like probably wore that outfit two days in a row
 because I was like, shh, like nobody say
 that I'm wearing it the second day,
 but I just have to wear it again
 because I didn't get pictures in it the first day.
 Second highlight obviously is I performed at the Brits,
 which is my first performance ever.
 I sang "Driver's License" and that was so much fun.
 Low light, I'm not sure if I'm supposed to say this,
 but we were quarantining in this little,
 like a real 18th century English cottage in the countryside.
 - Sick.
 - And it was so cold and we couldn't figure out
 how to turn on the central air and heating,
 but they had a fireplace and so we lit the fireplace
 all the time and that's how we kept warm.
 And I just remember one day waking up and it was so smoky
 and I think I got mild carbon monoxide poisoning
 'cause the whole day I couldn't stop throwing up
 in our English countryside house.
 So it's definitely a low light.
 I recovered, I don't know if I had carbon monoxide poisoning,
 but I was very sick for a day.
 But it worked out at the end, I had fun.
 - Made it through.
 All right, up next, you called the Deja Vu video
 one of your favorite things you've ever done.
 Why does this project in particular,
 why is it on such a pedestal for you?
 And what story does it tell?
 It has kind of a Killing Eve vibe to it.
 - Yes, I'm so glad you said that.
 That was literally the reference.
 I remember them coming up to me like,
 "What do you wanna do?
 "You can literally do anything you wanna do
 "with this song that you wrote."
 And that was just so freeing and exciting for me.
 And it definitely was a Killing Eve type theme.
 I didn't wanna hit the nail on the head
 of what the song was talking about.
 I didn't wanna be so literal and specific,
 so we thought it would be cool to sort of portray a story
 if two girls were obsessed with each other
 because I feel like, I don't know,
 feminine adoration is something that I
 and lots of my friends feel very intensely
 and don't really talk about super often.
 So that was the theme of it.
 - Plus you got to smash up all those TVs.
 - Hell yeah, it was so fun.
 It was great.
 (upbeat music)
 Okay.
 Mm.
 Mm-hmm.
 - A little more heavy.
 - Uh-huh.
 It's definitely clearing out my sinuses a little bit.
 I can breathe easy.
 - So it's clear that you and Dan Nigro
 really went into the lab with a real vision for Sour.
 Thinking back on all the creative decisions,
 is there one that you're proud
 that you defended on behalf of the album?
 - Mm, yeah.
 The first thing that comes to mind is Deja Vu, actually.
 The post-course was initially going to be vocal chops,
 which we talked about before,
 which I hate for whatever reason.
 And everyone was like, "The vocal chops sound amazing.
 "It's so cool and trendy," and all this.
 I was like, "I literally would rather die
 "than put vocal chops in my song.
 "No shade to anyone who does.
 "This is just not my thing."
 And so I wanted to put that really cool,
 chunky, crunchy synth sound in there.
 It sounds like an electric guitar,
 but it's actually a synth.
 And I had to fight sort of hard to get that on the record,
 but it happened, and I'm really glad
 that it happened that way.
 - And I'm sure at this point,
 the team's starting to fill up,
 and you have a lot of people that are like,
 "Do this or that, or say this or that,
 "or wear this or wear that."
 What's something that you find yourself pushing back on?
 - I don't know, I guess the thing I push back on sometimes
 is sometimes I'm just like, "Yo, I need a break.
 "I can't write anything anymore.
 "I'm completely tapped."
 So that's the only thing I'll ever push back on, I suppose.
 You and me both, you know?
 This show has just been going pretty much hitting
 every Thursday for the last six years.
 - How do your taste buds handle it?
 - Well, I think about what it was like back in the day
 to have a normal job.
 And I'm like, "Well, if this is the thing
 "that I have to do to not go back,
 "'cause I can't go back, I can never go back,
 "then I'll just deal with it."
 But sometimes I'm like, "Hey, between seasons,
 "maybe we can take more than three weeks off
 "every once in a while."
 - Yeah, go on vacation.
 Go on an expensive vacation with the Hot Ones money.
 Make them pay for it.
 - I'm saying.
 All right, are you ready to move on here to the next wing?
 Love burns hotter than hell.
 - This is perfect.
 Okay.
 Oh God, I'm feeling it.
 (gasps)
 (laughs)
 It's really delicious though.
 It's like, it's a great vegan wing.
 - What insight do you have
 on putting together a kick-ass bridge?
 Because you do really seem to nail those kinds of moments.
 - Yeah, I think the coolest thing about a bridge,
 oh my God, this is so hot.
 I think the coolest thing about a bridge is like,
 when talking about something that you didn't talk about
 in the rest of the song, it's like providing
 another opinion or another perspective
 or something on the song.
 (laughs)
 Everyone's laughing at me.
 I think--
 - Careful of your eyes, careful of your eyes.
 - I'm a super dynamic songwriter.
 I love songs that are really quiet
 and then get really big and stuff like that.
 So I always either try to have a down bridge
 where it gets really quiet and introspective
 or a really big one.
 I don't know, bridge is just something different
 'cause I like my songs to be just all over the place.
 - Off of "Hope You're Okay", what does it mean
 to address the letters to the holes in my butterfly wings?
 It's very poetic.
 - I have no idea, I don't know.
 It sounds cool, I don't know.
 We wanted to have something that's sort of a little abstract
 and up for your interpretation.
 And I love butterflies, it's like a sour theme,
 so incorporated that in there.
 - Is there an Olivia Rodrigo lyric that comes to mind
 when you think about how you're feeling right now?
 - Happy and healthy.
 That's the line.
 I'm very happy and healthy,
 I'm living my best life currently.
 Eating hot ones with you.
 - You say that now because you haven't tried
 the next wing yet.
 - Oh, Da Bomb?
 Oh, Jesus Christ.
 The one with the nuke on it, Jesus Christ.
 Okay, here I go.
 My nose is running.
 - Be immediate.
 - Okay.
 - The hot ones experience is starting to take form.
 So on your birthday last year, you tweeted,
 "I'm 17 years old today,
 but I still do not know the different styles of eggs.
 Only scrambled."
 Now that you're a year older
 and have just tried one of the spiciest wings of all time,
 I want to hit you with a few different egg preparation styles
 to see if anything's changed over the last year, okay?
 - Yeah.
 - What style of eggs is this?
 - Sunny side up.
 - It is sunny side up.
 Olivia, you know your eggs.
 All right, up next, you know this.
 - It's a hard, I mean, like, it's not hard boiled.
 It's like a, oh my God.
 What is it called?
 They like have them at tea parties.
 What is it called?
 - Deviled eggs.
 - That's a poached egg.
 - Yeah, those are eggs Benedict,
 but technically you're right.
 Those eggs are poached.
 Things flying off the edge here.
 We're flying off the edge here.
 - Flying off, okay, sorry.
 - No, no, long leash on this show.
 Whatever you got to go through to get through it.
 When someone asked you your favorite snack recently,
 you replied, "Trader Joe's Oatmeal Cookies
 till the day I die."
 What's your response to people who think
 that an oatmeal raisin cookie
 can never ever be better than chocolate chip?
 - Oh my God, I hate chocolate chip cookies.
 I don't know what it is.
 I love chocolate and I love cookies,
 but chocolate chip, I can't even say.
 Chocolate chip cookies are not it for me.
 Everyone makes fun of me because oatmeal raisin cookies
 are like grandma-y cookies, but they're the best.
 And I feel like they're actually like hearty
 and like somewhat healthy for you.
 Like oatmeal has like fiber and stuff.
 - All right, all right, up next,
 we have the scorpion disco.
 How are you feeling?
 How are you feeling?
 - Oh my God.
 It like burns, oh my God.
 It like burns your lips.
 All right, now or never.
 Okay.
 Fuck.
 (screams)
 Oh my God.
 - So one thing you and I have in common
 is asking people that we meet for the first time
 if they have any ghost stories.
 And I imagine that wouldn't be a move of yours
 unless of course you had at least one of your own.
 - No, I don't.
 I don't fuck with ghosts and they don't fuck with me.
 It's like, it's a really great thing that we have going on.
 The one that I do tell is my mom grew up in Wisconsin
 and her parents like had this like
 nice house that they got, but really cheap.
 And one day she woke up to go to the bathroom
 and she saw a man standing at the top of the stairs.
 And she didn't tell anyone until 25 years later.
 And my grandma was like, oh, you know,
 the reason we got the house for so cheap
 is because somebody died in the basement.
 Like a man died in the basement,
 which blew my mind.
 I heard that story like 12 years old
 and I was like, oh my God, mom, that's crazy.
 Don't have any myself and hopefully never will.
 Fuck.
 I'm crying, oh my God.
 Man, this show is crazy.
 But for somebody who thought a bell pepper was spicy,
 you're doing amazing things here today.
 It's adrenaline.
 All right, man.
 Cheers.
 Last one.
 Cheers.
 Cheers.
 Oh, fuck.
 (soft music)
 I know.
 - No.
 Woo, okay.
 - All right, Olivia Rodrigo,
 thankfully we've made it to the end
 of our spice symphony here today
 and just one more hurdle left to go.
 So to close things out, what I wanna do is name a hot sauce
 and you tell me the first musical effect that comes to mind.
 You know, maybe the hot sauce can remind you
 of a grunge guitar riff or a big synth or.
 - Okay.
 - A mellotron and we'll just take it from there.
 Does that sound good?
 - Okay, I think you think I'm smarter than I actually am,
 but I'll try.
 - Love burns hotter than hell.
 - I think of like a sick, like crunchy,
 like pedal guitar riff.
 - Hell yeah, Da Bomb beyond insanity.
 - I think of some like EDM thing, like some cool like pad.
 - Scorpion disco.
 - Something off like a Dua Lipa record, I don't know.
 Oh no, you know what it is?
 It's like one of those like midi, like violin things
 that like sounds fake.
 - And then the last dab, the wing that you just ate.
 - Piano because, because yeah, that, yeah.
 A piano thing 'cause piano is my favorite
 and that one is my favorite because it's the last one
 and we're done.
 - We are done, you made it through.
 Nothing else to go for, no more vegan wings.
 You have conquered the table, Olivia Rodrigo.
 Now there's nothing left to do,
 but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Hey, what's up?
 My name is Olivia Rodrigo.
 I just finished Hot Ones and it was a lot of fun.
 I'm never gonna eat a Hot Wings ever again in my life,
 but it was fun today.
 Yeah, you can listen to my first album, Sour Everywhere.
 Hope you really like it.
 You might cry like I did in this episode of Hot Ones
 because it was so spicy.
 (clapping)
 - The best.
 - Incredible.
 - Thank you.
 - Strawberry ice cream.
 - Oh my god, strawberry's my favorite.
 I love it.
 - We know, we listen to the album, we know.
 - Really?
 Oh, thank you.
 - You crushed it.
 - Oh my god, that was so fun.
 Such thoughtful questions.
 - Oh, thank you.
 - Ugh, wow.
 - Which one was the worst?
 - Oddly, this one.
 - That's when you were like.
 - Yeah, that was when I was like, oh shit's getting real.
 (laughing)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 This is Sean Evans checking in
 with some very exciting first week feast news.
 Now, when I'm not over here choking down chicken wings
 on Hot Ones, I happen to be a huge pizza guy.
 Sicilian, Neapolitan, Deep Dish, Dollar Slice,
 Frozen Pizza, I love it all.
 Which is why I'm excited to announce
 that First We Feast has a brand new show, Pizza Wars.
 Where pizza master, Nicole Russell,
 takes on contenders in a battle royale
 of different pizza styles.
 I'm on there judging the Deep Dish episode naturally,
 but the show has other great guests as well,
 including buddies like Babish and Frank Pinello.
 But that's enough chit chat,
 let's let the sizzle reel do the talking.
 All right, roll the tape.
 (upbeat music)
 The misconception is that if you get a lot, it's good.
 - Bite for bite, this is the best eating experience
 I've ever had on one of these things.
 - My opponents and I will be taking on a new
 pizza themed challenge every episode.
 - I wish that I could give you both trophies,
 but they only gave me one.
 Do you guys have an extra?
 (laughing)
 They don't have an extra.
 - Don't get it twisted, this is a competition
 and I wanna win.
 But I'm also here to catch up with a few of my friends.
 I couldn't have done this episode with nobody else.
 Learn some new tricks to use at home.
 - You gotta slice the garlic thin,
 so thin that it liquefies in the pan.
 Nona, thank you for that.
 - Thank you, Nona.
 And eat a whole bunch of pizza.
 - Salute.
 - Hi-ya!
 - Oh my God.
 (grunting)
 - Wow.
 - This is what you wanted.
 - So get ready people, Pizza Wars is coming.
 (upbeat music)
 (fire crackling)
 (upbeat music)
