 (dramatic music)
 I was waiting for this moment,
 when I got the hiccups.
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First Sweet Feast, I'm Sean Evans,
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we close out another season with Paul Dano.
 He's an actor you know from acclaimed performances
 in films like The Batman, Little Miss Sunshine,
 Prisoners, There Will Be Blood, and many more.
 You can also catch him in his role as Burt Fableman
 in Steven Spielberg's new semi-autobiographical film,
 The Fablemans, currently in theaters.
 Paul Dano, welcome to the show.
 - Hey man.
 - How's it going?
 - It's going good.
 I'm excited, I'm nervous.
 - Nervous, how are you around spicy food
 before we get started?
 - So I like spicy food.
 I like, you know, I like Szechuan food,
 I like Indian food.
 I don't eat a lot of wings with hot sauce,
 but you know, I like spicy food okay.
 I had to come back a couple years ago,
 I wasn't sleeping so well.
 You know, the doctor said maybe less spicy food,
 easier to cut back on a little spicy food
 than it was on the wine.
 - Right.
 - So I chose to cut back on the spice,
 but yeah, I'm curious.
 (dramatic music)
 - Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
 And do you just take a bite
 or do you try to chow the whole thing?
 Is there, are there rules of the game?
 - You know what, we're in the abstract over here,
 there are no rules to the game,
 but I kind of mirror the guests.
 Like wherever you go, I try to match whatever experience
 you're bringing to this whole thing.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Well, this is yummy, this is nice, yeah.
 - There we go.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 (gentle music)
 - So I imagine it was a uniquely singular experience
 for an actor to play Steven Spielberg's dad
 in a film directed by Steven Spielberg.
 How did you sort through the metaness of that performance?
 You know, working alongside a filmmaker
 as they unpackaged their own life and artistic ambitions.
 - To work with him in itself,
 I haven't been that nervous for a meeting in a long time.
 And I remember my wife being like,
 "Who are you meeting with?
 You know, why are you acting this way?"
 And I was like, "Steven Spielberg."
 She was like, "Okay."
 And then he tells me what it's about in the first Zoom.
 And you know, when I first met Steven,
 his dad had only passed about eight months beforehand.
 So you could really see in his eyes,
 you know, what he was talking about.
 And that really kind of made me, you know,
 made my heart sing.
 I was like, "Oh wow, Steven's got a lot on the line here."
 And he was an open book.
 I mean, the family archives were available to us,
 home videos, I mean, photography, you know,
 it was insane to be sort of let into Steven's heart
 and in his life in that way.
 I told Steven on the last night of filming,
 it would take me a few years yet to fully process,
 you know, what we all just did together
 and that he would ask me to play his dad, you know.
 (gentle music)
 Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
 It's yummy.
 It's nice, I can feel my, you know,
 so I sweat when I eat anything.
 - Okay, okay.
 - I think that's usually to do with like,
 quantity and pace though.
 So we're taking it easy,
 but I especially sweat when I eat spicy food.
 So I'm curious where we'll go here
 'cause I just felt the forehead, the scalp, you know.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's happening.
 It's happening.
 - Yeah, it's coming, yeah.
 - So you've been at this for a long time,
 beginning in adolescence,
 being on the Broadway stage with "Inherit the Wind"
 and then by the time you were 16 years old,
 winning an Independent Spirit Award
 for your performance in "L.I.E."
 What influence did Paul Schrader's book,
 "Transcendental Style and Film" have on you at a young age?
 - Hmm, okay.
 All right, nice.
 So I grew up, I think when I wanted to be an actor,
 I think I thought it meant being on the stage
 at Gryffindor Manhattan, where we are today.
 So I remember going to the theater when I was a kid.
 And the movies I liked,
 I was obsessed with Jim Carrey when I was a kid,
 but I'm not that, you know, but that was like,
 you know, I love "Terminator 2," right?
 And "Halloween," but like, I'm not, you know.
 So like, I think Paul Schrader's book,
 it really opened the door to foreign film,
 which really just sort of opened the door
 to like becoming like a movie dork.
 It opens up the language, right?
 Like if you, you know, you try different hot sauces
 and like the language of, you know, hot sauce and spice.
 - The whole world opens up, yeah.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So it's like just the more, you know, you get around to,
 I think the more fun it becomes.
 (gentle music)
 - This is the sauce you like.
 - I do like this one.
 - I like this one.
 - But do you like it, the question?
 - I do like it.
 It's good, this is fun, 'cause you know,
 it's really, you start feeling sparkly, right?
 - It changes you, like physiologically,
 yeah, you're going through it.
 It's already starting, Paul, it's already starting.
 - I feel sparkly.
 - Yeah.
 - How did Nirvana's "Something in the Way"
 like shape your interpretation of the Riddler?
 - "Something in the Way" is a great song
 and I listened to a lot of Nirvana and,
 but yeah, that chorus for me was,
 it's like, what are we all trying to, you know,
 something in the way,
 what are we all trying to get through, you know?
 And I think it's about the two sides of trauma
 and one person had, you know, a little more resources
 to deal with their trauma, Bruce, Wayne,
 and my guy just didn't quite have, you know,
 didn't have the nurture,
 but he probably didn't have the nature either,
 if we're being real, yeah, yeah.
 - All right, are you ready to move on here
 to sauce number four?
 You're doing great, by the way.
 This one is the Los Calientes Barbacoa.
 - Okay.
 Mm.
 That wing was nice, too crunchy.
 (gentle music)
 I like that one.
 Yeah, so far, these two are probably the ones
 I would take home over the floor.
 I shouldn't say that, we're not gonna-
 - No, you know what though?
 We're sending them all home with you anyway.
 - Oh, that's fantastic.
 Can't wait to have a couple of friends over and say,
 now you guys, now you guys get to do it.
 - Yeah, you should have like a viewing party
 for your episode, have the friends over
 and see how they match up, you know,
 to the control experiment with you on the show.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 Okay, yeah, yeah, so that one's growing still.
 - Yeah, right, and who knows the cumulative effect
 that we have going on, too, you know?
 Who's to know? - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Who's to know what's going on, what's happening?
 - That's interesting, though.
 That one, for me, so far, has the longest after,
 not even the heat, but just the taste, the whole thing.
 - The trail it leaves behind.
 - The longest trail so far, yeah.
 - So I love this quote of yours.
 Some characters lead from their chest,
 or their head more, or their dick more.
 What's the difference, or can you explain the difference
 between a character who would, say, lead with their chest
 versus one that would lead with their dick?
 - So, right, I mean, well, how do you interpret
 somebody who leads with their dick?
 - Well, so--
 - No, really, like, you know, 'cause--
 - Yeah, yeah. - I think it makes sense.
 - Here's how it aligns for me, actually.
 So we had Cate Blanchett here earlier this year,
 and she was talking about how, when she played Bob Dylan,
 the thing that snapped the character in focus for her
 was just putting a heavy-weighted sock between her legs.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - You know what I mean?
 So it makes me think about the ways
 in which these sort of small things
 can snap a character into place,
 and then that had a direct dick connection.
 And then I saw this quote, and then I was like,
 oh, I wonder what Paul's perspective on the whole thing is.
 - Yeah, no, that's absolutely it.
 I mean, it's as simple as that.
 It can be, I mean, and I think physical's even better,
 'cause that kind of just gives it to you, right?
 It's like, wearing different shoes
 makes me feel a little different, right?
 This film "Prisoners" was very much about
 the opposite of that.
 It was somebody who was frozen, trauma in the past,
 and so the body is, he carried his stuff in his,
 up here more, where somebody, I don't know,
 I think it makes sense without explaining it, though, no?
 - Yeah, yeah, well, it's an actor thing.
 It's a little bit in the abstract.
 - It is, and I guess that's why you do it, right?
 Because it's just allowing some kind of little access
 that maybe is actually not meant to be intellectualized
 and overly articulated.
 It's more like, oh, rather than, let's just go there
 to whatever physical component feels helpful.
 - Makes sense to me.
 - Yeah.
 - Are you ready to move on here?
 - Yeah.
 - You're at the halfway point already.
 - Okay.
 - You're crushing it.
 - Oh, this one's oily.
 - Yeah, so there's oil-based sauce here with "Fly By Jing."
 (crunching)
 I mean, I love a szechuan peppercorn.
 When you get the, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, when you get the real peppercorn,
 that tongue thing that happens,
 but this one, and it's 'cause of the oil,
 my lips are feeling it.
 - Where does performing "You Still Believe in Me"
 alongside Al Jardine and Brian Wilson,
 where does that fall on your list of musical accomplishments?
 - Nice, okay.
 Yeah, that was pretty cool.
 I mean, I love that song.
 I chose it.
 They said, "What song do you wanna sing?"
 And for some reason, that track really gets me.
 I think it's the second track on "Pet Sounds."
 I don't know if I can remember this point,
 but maybe my favorite experience I've had as an actor,
 "Love and Mercy," and I think it's 'cause of the music.
 You know, I was nervous, but I think it went well enough.
 Brian was a super sweetie to me.
 - Is it true that you met Bong Joon-ho
 when he was jumping up and down in the crowd
 at a show that your band was performing at in Brooklyn?
 - This, actually, yeah, it is.
 So I was a big fan of his.
 He had a film called "Memories of Murder"
 quite some time ago, 2003.
 I can't remember the exact year.
 It's incredible.
 It's a fucking great film.
 It's a really good film.
 And then he was in New York
 to promote his film called "Mother."
 So this is like 2008, 2009, maybe 2010.
 And I had a friend who knew him and was at his screening,
 and then they were like,
 "Oh, we're gonna go see Paul play afterwards."
 And I was playing, and I saw a large Korean man
 dancing in the back of the room,
 and it turned out to be Bong, who I was a huge fan of.
 And we got to hang out afterwards,
 and then we started a pet and pal relationship.
 And then eventually, a few years later,
 we got together when he was in Brooklyn once,
 and he showed me a drawing of a pig.
 And I said, "This is gonna be this movie."
 And I was like, just the drawing of the pig,
 I was like, "That's, you know, I'm there."
 I mean, I was just like, bawling in a pig.
 Like, yeah, like, yeah, for sure, you know?
 So yeah, that's a fun memory.
 - All right, are you ready to move on here?
 - Yeah. - To sauce number six,
 back half, this is the turmeric bomb.
 - Okay.
 Chocolate ghost pepper.
 Yeah, that one's different.
 - Yeah, okay.
 - And kind of another level, you know?
 - Yeah, I'm definitely feeling
 on the back of the throat more.
 - Yeah, definitely a throat scratcher.
 - The front too, yeah.
 - From all sides, yeah.
 - Getting warm.
 Yeah, it's coming.
 This is more fun than I thought, am I okay?
 I mean, I know we're gonna be hurting, but like, okay.
 - So far, it's a vibe.
 - Well, it's fun to like, really taste it, right?
 And not just have it be about me looking silly.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - So there's a really nice comment
 in the Paul Dano breaks down his most iconic character
 segment that you did for GQ, which reads,
 "Paul Dano has one of the best
 curatorial instincts in the industry.
 It's a good sign when you see his name on a poster,
 not just because you know he'll crush the performance,
 but also because he picks the best movies to star in."
 I know this question is a bit in the abstract,
 but how would you best describe the science
 behind picking and sequencing roles for yourself?
 - Well, that's nice.
 I didn't hear that before.
 So somebody said that, that's nice.
 I think I've just always really gotten off though
 on like the whole thing,
 meaning that it's not just about the character
 and not just about me, but it's like,
 who are you in it with?
 What are you making?
 And are you excited to like potentially see that?
 But I do think even when I was younger,
 I would probably lean towards, frankly,
 maybe even a smaller part,
 if I thought the thing was really,
 and I don't know why, except that that was me.
 I don't know that it always felt good or sane
 or like a way to build a career or something.
 So after doing the Batman, first of all,
 Steven had asked me to do anything, I would have done it.
 But like the fact that Burt is so different from the Riddler,
 it was like what I needed.
 - A gear shift.
 - Yeah, right?
 Like that's good for me.
 It's like, okay, I've done this, you know,
 more operatic, you know, psycho thing.
 And now this like really contained decent, you know,
 that I couldn't dream up.
 Like it just luckily worked out that way.
 It's like, I don't know if you get this,
 sometimes you get this when I eat like a lot of sushi,
 like really good raw fish, or there's like a slight high.
 - Listen, I almost think that's like why
 I'm still doing the show 19th Century Slate.
 I'm like chasing the dragon with that kind of like
 hot sauce head high that you get.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So that's why I was laughing.
 - Get a little like sort of weightlessness feeling.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - It's kind of a vibe.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, it's good.
 It feels nice.
 It's really, it's nice.
 The Cosmic.
 - Disco.
 - Good label.
 Ah, once you've taken that breath.
 I like your hand rub after every bite that you take.
 - Yeah.
 Observe it.
 - I know, but that's getting, that's getting somewhere.
 - Yeah.
 We're getting granular over here, but yeah, that's, yeah.
 - It's getting good.
 - And I think like, it's funny,
 'cause I was kind of, it has a sweetness upfront.
 Oh, you gotta rinse.
 - Okay, it's getting there.
 - Yeah, you kind of forget.
 You kind of forget, and then it has that sweetness upfront.
 So you almost like kind of forget about it.
 - It's all in the back.
 - And then it's all, yeah.
 - The tip of my tongue is.
 - Backloaded.
 - It's getting there.
 - So I've always been intrigued
 by an actor's transition to directing,
 a leap that you made in 2018
 with your directorial debut, "Wild Life."
 How would you define like a good actor's director?
 Like, are there qualities that you tried to absorb
 from directors that you enjoyed working with in the past
 to help inform your approach when you took the seat?
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, no, no, for sure.
 And that's, yeah.
 That's, that's one of the advantages
 as a quote, first-time director that I really had, right?
 I've seen how people do it.
 And you can take, you know,
 you take something for the road with you and you're like,
 oh, oh, yeah, that's, it's tingly.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - I think one of the things I was most looking forward to
 about directing was creating like
 how I wanted my set to feel.
 I always call it like a temperature.
 Like each set has a different temperature.
 I really like when you walk from your trailer to a set
 and you can feel like the energy change, you know?
 And maybe sometimes you bring that,
 but I think with certain directors, you know,
 it's like, and there will be blood.
 Like, you know, that, that set had a temperature
 and that's a good feeling.
 And I mean, I can feel my nose dripping.
 I brought, I brought a burp rag.
 I brought my kid's burp rag in case I needed it.
 - Well, it's a good thing you did apparently.
 - Yeah, okay.
 - And you might need it for this next one.
 - Yeah.
 - Which is "The Bomb Beyond Insanity."
 - And this is here every year.
 - Look how observant you are.
 Yeah, every single year.
 - This is the one.
 - We've kept it around.
 Yeah, it's the one and you'll see why.
 - I know this is one of the ones that I want my beloved
 publicist over here to try out the works.
 - Right, you know what?
 That doesn't happen enough.
 That doesn't happen enough when guests come in, you know?
 All right.
 Oh, "Divin' Right In."
 Okay, that one's pretty good.
 I mean, wow.
 - It's intense, right?
 - I got the hiccups.
 - Oh, there you go.
 It's happening.
 - Oh man.
 - You know, we were talking about like the tails before.
 Like this one, I feel like just leaves scorched earth,
 you know?
 - I was waiting for this moment when I got the hiccups.
 - Okay.
 Oh my God, all right.
 - I know, you need time to think.
 (laughing)
 - The other one here.
 I know.
 - I know.
 - So director Bong Joon-ho once joked
 that Korean movie audiences come to celebrate you
 for your strong chin and there are more
 than just a few viral super cuts with titles.
 Like Paul Dano gets beat up a lot.
 What are the hallmarks of a good fight sequence
 in your opinion?
 Like, is there a real art to getting slapped around
 on camera?
 - This movie called "Night and Day"
 and Tom Cruise is in it.
 - I was about to but.
 - Should we?
 - Nah.
 - Does it, I mean, you're the pro.
 You and I want, you said you were gonna mirror me.
 You reached for this first.
 - You know what though?
 I did it instinctively.
 You know what I mean?
 I did that, yeah.
 (dramatic music)
 - Well, that felt nice in the moment.
 We'll see what happens now
 'cause it's already coming back.
 But okay.
 So, Cruise, Cruise.
 We gotta talk about Cruise.
 So watching him do stunts was truly an informative moment
 because I saw how much he thought about
 what the audience is going to feel
 and literally the impact they're going to feel.
 What is like felt.
 And that's the beauty of those "Mission Impossible" movies,
 right, compared to the CGI fest.
 You feel those stunts, right?
 - Yeah, even like Top Gun,
 like him actually getting in the jet, you know,
 and flying that around.
 - I think it's fantastic.
 Like you feel it and he's working hard to give that to you.
 So it was the first time I think I really,
 'cause again, I was probably, I came more from like,
 all right, my first film was an indie drama,
 like whatever, like, I was like, okay, like that's the art.
 You know, it's like, whoa, okay, Cruise, you know.
 I mean, I feel it on the outside of my mouth.
 - Yeah, where's the head high at at this point, you know?
 - That's different.
 - Yeah.
 - I think this one kind of grounded me a little bit
 and just kind of really was about the more--
 - Physiological, not psychological.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 So it gets worse.
 Let's see, let's see.
 - Let's see, you need garlic.
 - Sean, don't be afraid to wait, there you go.
 I'm waiting for you to,
 all right, I mean, to make yourself conscious about it.
 - I'm right here with you, right here with you.
 - Whew, we got it, we got it.
 Between films like "Okja" and "Swiss Army Man,"
 what would you say is the seminal fart scene
 of your movie career?
 There aren't many actors who can credibly answer
 a question like that. - Sean, I've always been wanted
 to be asked this question.
 When people say to me, "Is there anything
 "that we haven't asked that you'd like us to?"
 I always think, I wish they would ask me about
 what my most important fart on camera is.
 The opening of "Swiss Army Man" is definitely
 one of my favorite scenes that I've gotten to film.
 The intent was, can the first fart make you laugh
 and the last fart make you cry?
 And I thought, by God, if we could do that.
 Now, I don't know that we did, but I thought,
 well, if you're gonna work towards something in your life,
 that's something to work towards.
 Now, am I forgetting, 'cause you mentioned other things,
 am I forgetting about other film farts?
 'Cause of course, the first thing I think of is--
 - Oh, well, you know what?
 Actually, I do have a follow-up,
 because I apologize for this line of questioning,
 but in a 2007 interview with Playbill,
 you called your biggest onstage mishap
 a rather audible fart I let go,
 but was able to use it in a scene.
 Do you happen to remember that production?
 I mean, it was a 15-year-old interview.
 - Sean, I just try to use what's happening in a moment.
 But also, yeah, that's fine.
 I mean, I've got a four-year-old,
 so tooting is a big point of humor in our house.
 (laughing)
 - It's like a through line, you know?
 It's followed you from your career to home.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Where it belongs.
 - So this one you pour?
 Hold on a second, I think I gotta finish off my look, though.
 - Oh, yeah, yeah, you gotta hold, oh, there we go.
 - 'Cause I'm sweating too much.
 (laughing)
 - Let's get it really, okay.
 All right, extra sauce, here we go.
 Pour it on the wood.
 - That's what I do, you know,
 I've messed up going straight to wing too many times.
 - Okay, dab that nice little,
 that corner of the wing there.
 And I guess we really go for it, huh?
 - Let's go for it, you know, it's the finale.
 - All right.
 (blowing)
 - And then this one kind of nice up front,
 little peppery, a little bit weird,
 but then nice long tail.
 - Oh, yeah. - Kind of a time delay,
 I know. - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - I know.
 - And again, what's this, it's,
 I feel it on the outside of my face.
 - Yeah, yeah, I have a full numbing of the lips.
 - Yeah.
 - But somehow, - Yeah.
 - We've made it through this winding spice journey together.
 We've talked about your commitment to prep,
 your rigorous approach to every role.
 But I imagine being an actor sometimes
 is like taking on the wings of death.
 It's analytical, as much of a plan as you can have,
 when it all comes down to it,
 sometimes you just gotta jump in and take a bite.
 Throw caution to the wind.
 So to close things out with your brain on fire,
 your mouth ablaze,
 how much of the acting experience in your opinion
 is just being able to say,
 "Fuck it," when the director says action?
 - Oh, that's great.
 And you know what, it's true.
 Like, man, I do not think the first thing I wanna do
 is embarrass myself,
 but you gotta be willing to embarrass yourself.
 It's just like, you know, it's like,
 fuck, you just might embarrass yourself.
 You really, you know, that's it.
 And lesson learned, I mean, I've been doing this for a while
 and Steven's film last year,
 there were times when I would just have to say,
 I'm just gonna have to do it on action.
 You know, like, you know, and it's gonna come out.
 You just have to trust, you know,
 'cause you do all this work.
 Some of that is, I mean, it's all going towards it.
 Some of it is frankly,
 like you're just trying to build up a reservoir
 of stuff to let out, but you know, confidence too.
 It's like, okay, I'm Burt, you know,
 and whatever it takes for you to believe that.
 But yeah, you just kind of ultimately have to let go.
 And it's taken me a long time to get to that place
 of trusting, like, something will come out today, Paul.
 And let's go, let's go, hopefully let it out,
 let it happen.
 - And you know what?
 Something was let out today.
 Paul coming in here, taking on the Hot Ones gauntlet
 and putting an exclamation point on season 19.
 Now there's nothing left to do,
 but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Like in my life right now, like Paul personally.
 - Or like movies and stuff.
 - Yeah, like I got a baby.
 No, yeah, yeah, see, I mean, the fable is, man,
 I think Steven's, I think it's really good.
 I really like it.
 I think you should check it out.
 That's it.
 (audience applauding)
 Woo, good job.
 All right, I'm gonna have another sip of this.
 - Yeah.
 - Really fun and good questions.
 Thoreau, I like it.
 You get people in a vulnerable place
 and ask a real question.
 (laughing)
 Try to get something out of me.
 Yeah.
 Woo.
 - Thank you so much for watching today's video
 and Hot Ones fans, I have a very exciting announcement.
 The Hot Ones Shake Shack collab is finally here.
 The Hot Ones cheese fries, the Hot Ones burger,
 the Hot Ones chicken, all made with a shack sauce
 that includes Hot Ones, the classic,
 along with the last dab.
 It's very spicy, it's very delicious,
 and it's available for a limited time.
 Now through the end of the year at Shake Shack nationwide
 and via the Shake Shack app.
 Be careful around your eyes
 and don't forget to order a milkshake.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
