 You're right, you start to say, "I'm okay," and then it's like--
 -Yeah, and then they hear you. -Dude!
 -They hear you. -"I'll kill you."
 [laughing]
 [growling]
 [dramatic music]
 Hey, what's going on, everybody? For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans,
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Pedro Pascal.
 He's an actor you know from a string of massive global hits
 over the last decade, including Game of Thrones, Narcos,
 The Mandalorian, and HBO's brand new record-breaking show, The Last of Us.
 And more good news for Pedro Pascal fans
 as the much-anticipated third season of The Mandalorian
 begins streaming on Disney+ March 1st.
 Pedro Pascal, welcome to the show.
 Thank you for having me.
 I'm so glad for the opportunity to finally be taken seriously.
 [laughing]
 How are you around spicy food before we get started?
 I mean, I was really good around spicy food
 as a young man and young internal organs
 but I don't know if it goes so great anymore.
 -We'll find out. -There's only one way to find out.
 -There is only one way. -Are you ready to get started?
 In front of millions of people.
 [laughing]
 [dramatic music]
 range of sound effects]
 Okay.
 Yummy.
 [slurping]
 I wonder how much of this is gonna get caught on my...
 astonishing mustache.
 [laughing]
 It's good.
 Wow.
 Mm.
 I did skip breakfast.
 So in your latest project, The Last of Us,
 you play the role of Joel Miller,
 a character who, much like the show, has this austere outer shell
 but underneath it all is a warmness.
 As an actor, how do you think about balancing the noble traits
 that make a character like Joel heroic
 versus the weaker ones that make him human?
 You're smart.
 [laughing]
 I never thought about it that way.
 Um...
 I think that there's a funny thing
 about a very sort of restricted exterior
 that is typical for these kinds of male archetypes, I think.
 Don't show your feelings.
 People will see that you're weak.
 Survival is key.
 Don't let anybody in, you know.
 Developing human connection is not, at least in his mind,
 key to survival.
 But then only to discover that he cannot live without it at any cost.
 This one's kind of like colorful.
 I'm gonna split the...
 - This is how I like to do this. - There you go.
 - Look at those mechanics. - Yeah, baby.
 Wow.
 - Not new to the chicken wing game. - Mm-mm.
 Mm.
 My brother's here, he's so jealous.
 [laughing]
 I brought him 'cause he was like, "You gotta do hot wings."
 Been telling me for like six years.
 Oh, thank you, by the way, for the referral.
 I think he just wants chicken wings.
 Lovely, I will save the-- I wanna dive-- I wanna...
 clean the bone on the other one, but I'm gonna pace myself.
 Smart. Smart play.
 - Smart play. - Maybe I can revisit.
 [laughing]
 What will you remind the most about the mechanics of Grogu's performance?
 You know, where you have one technician who's doing eyes and mouth,
 and then another technician simultaneously doing the facial expressions.
 There's two of them.
 And one is like remote, and you can carry him around.
 He'll like...
 His head will move around ears, you know what I mean?
 Like turn towards you as you're holding him and stuff like that,
 and kind of be alive.
 And then, for a good close-up, he's connected to...
 you know, the Pentagon.
 Like, it's like these wires that...
 Enclose, like, you know, then that's where you get the really detailed
 eyebrow movements and eyeballs kind of moving around,
 and he's a very cooperative and fulfilling scene partner, acting partner.
 You know, it's pretty crazy.
 Like having to say goodbye to him in season two,
 and getting praise for, "Oh, my gosh, like, you know,
 you have such subtle emotion and you're dealing with a puppet."
 And I'm like, "This puppet is making me cry."
 Right.
 You know, it's like...
 [imitating puppet]
 You know, I fool you and I'm like, "Damn!"
 [laughing]
 I'm like, "Chill, you're stealing it."
 [laughing]
 It's like the one time I have my helmet off, like,
 "Let me have the scene, bro."
 [laughing]
 I can see it looks like some kind of angry mole rat rabbit.
 -Mm-hmm. -Mm-hmm.
 Don't hurt me, Cadejo.
 [laughing]
 This is kind of the first little jump I feel like we take.
 [grunting]
 It doesn't jump, it creeps.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Lingers a little bit, grows a little bit.
 Yeah.
 Smaller bites, but it is really good.
 -That's how it goes. -It's tasty.
 -You just keep talking, I'm hungry. -Sure.
 What role did the South Coast Repertory and Costa Mesa play
 in shaping your affection for acting at a young age?
 How the hell did you find out about the South Coast Repertory?
 You're the first person to ask me.
 That was in Orange County.
 My mom is just the best.
 We moved from Texas to California,
 and I was going still with this sort of diluted fantasy
 of wanting to be an actor
 and knowing that if we were moving to Southern California,
 there was just one big giant leap towards Hollywood.
 And my mom was like,
 "I'll find you something at the local community theater."
 I was on the younger side, and then there was like on the old--
 You know, there was maybe some 14-year-olds, some teenagers,
 and they were a little badass,
 and they snuck me a cigarette and we got caught,
 that kind of stuff.
 Yeah, it's starting to get with the theater kids,
 you know, the rebels.
 Mm, no, it's good.
 It's like, it's a little sweet.
 When's it gonna hurt?
 You know what? This one, I think,
 might be a little bit of a shift down.
 -Yeah, that's what it feels like. -Yeah.
 Enjoy those valleys, you know?
 -Good job. -There we go.
 There we go.
 When you're watching other movies or other TV shows,
 do you ever think about, like, an actor's wardrobe
 and how heavy or uncomfortable it might be?
 'Cause I feel like you do have a unique insight, you know,
 working with heavy armor, heavy suits, weapons and the like.
 It's...
 a terrible thing in terms of my experience
 being such a consumer of movies and television
 and such a little fanboy.
 And now, because of the context,
 I really-- My family wants to kill me so much of the time,
 'cause I'm just like, "Phew."
 I've been-- You know, that mud all over his body?
 He's freezing.
 Oh, my gosh, that's so-- That's a lot of blood.
 That's a lot of blood. That's very sticky, you know?
 I'm so hyper-aware
 about what the crew and the cast is going through.
 And everyone wants to kill me when I'm--
 I'm like, "Dude, those shoes.
 Get blisters in those shoes."
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 -It's a little intimidating. -Mm-hmm.
 Okay.
 Oh.
 -Yeah. -Yeah.
 -Time release. -It's the emergence...
 [LAUGHTER]
 -of-- -Yeah.
 -It's entered. -That's good because it's terrible.
 'Cause you're like, "Oh, that's spicy. I should have another bite."
 [LAUGHTER]
 Mm. It's tasty.
 But when it's good, that's what you have to do, you know?
 Yeah.
 It's good.
 -All right, we're okay. -We're doing all right.
 -We still got our feet. -Yeah.
 We still got our feet.
 [HUMMING]
 What are the mechanics of shooting a scene
 where your character has his eyes gouged out of his skull?
 You know, that's happened to you on two separate occasions.
 Of course, the unforgettable death in Game of Thrones,
 but then that final scene of Equalizer 2.
 Um, maybe in this interview as well.
 [LAUGHTER]
 -Time only time. -I could beg you to gouge my eyes out
 and, uh, collapse my skull in case it gets really bad.
 Um, I got my head crushed in.
 It was the best part of the day.
 It was so hot when we were shooting that scene.
 You know, he's over me and he puts his thumbs into my eyes
 and they've got piping--
 uh, tubing.
 Piping.
 He threw his, uh, body into his forearms to his thumbs
 and just, like, pumping this, like, cool blood.
 And, um, so gentle.
 Like, the gentlest guy ever.
 Felt no pressure at all, you know?
 And he was so hyper-aware of it.
 He-- I couldn't even feel his weight on me
 as he, like, you know, basically straddled me.
 There were all of these fleshy bits
 that they were kind of placing all over my face
 and pumping blood so that it would pool, you know,
 and spread through the amphitheater for this, like, good wide
 and that sort of shot of the two of us from above.
 I was dead asleep.
 Because it was, like, it was so hot
 and this stuff was so cooling to the touch.
 -Mm-hmm. -And you had to be really, really still.
 And that was the most relaxing.
 And knowing also that we had gotten to the end
 of this sort of four-day fight that we were shooting out there,
 um, it was, uh, very, uh, cathartic.
 And I went into the deepest sleep I've been in.
 I realize now that-- 'cause I'm not a very good sleeper--
 I need to be laid out with pieces of flesh,
 gelatinous, cool to the touch, uh, face meat,
 and, uh, pooling blood,
 and maybe I'll finally get a good fucking night's sleep.
 [laughs]
 -Mushroom mayhem. -Okay.
 -Together, forever. -Together, forever.
 -Cheers. -Forever bonded.
 -Funk. -Funk.
 Is it true that all the cast on the set
 of The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent
 was gifted a Nicolas Cage pillow,
 each one signed by Nicolas Cage?
 I think I remember kind of hiding these pillows from him.
 I was like, "You're not ready."
 "Did you get him to sign this pillow for me?"
 I'm like, "No, no, no, no, no, he's not ready.
 He's not ready. He doesn't want to see it."
 And then I think we all got them at the end.
 I can, um...
 The, uh, the, uh, the, the, the...
 -Torture Mushroom Sauce... -Mm-hmm.
 -...is starting to, um... -Torture.
 ...would like to be a part of this conversation.
 [laughs]
 He doesn't want me to talk about Nicolas Cage's pillows.
 [laughs]
 My character had this collector's room
 of everything from his movies
 and a life-size model of him from Face/Off.
 And we put this pillow in the scene.
 He wanted to get rid of it.
 And I said, "No."
 Um, "I think it should stay."
 And then he was like, "Fine." So he'll play...
 And he points to it and he's like, "Uh, uh, uh...
 Uh, that, that, that's weird."
 And I was-- And he, and he...
 -[laughs] -Changed it.
 ...changed his face. And I was like,
 "No, it's nice." And I put it back.
 And they kept it in the movie.
 That was definitely an improvised moment.
 The one, the one time I was, uh, uh, disagreeing with him.
 It's so great to finally lose your mind.
 [laughs]
 -Angry, angry goat pepper. -Mm-hmm.
 That's what's there.
 Mm.
 Mm.
 I don't feel anything.
 -Maybe, maybe that's nice. -Yeah?
 You know, let's not step on it.
 -Let's go. -If we got a freebie...
 -Okay. -...we take it.
 Yeah.
 You haven't lost a step.
 I haven't lost a step.
 [laughs]
 -I, yeah. -Oh, I see, I see, I see, I see.
 I see. It's all about time release with these guys.
 -Yeah, yeah, yeah, right. -I see.
 Or you talk about them in a complimentary way,
 and then they bite. It's almost like they can hear you...
 -Right. -...talking about them, you know?
 Just let me love you.
 [laughs]
 And then I know that you were a fan of Nicolas Cage
 long before you starred alongside him.
 -Yeah. -Do you have a Mount Rushmore
 of Nicolas Cage movies?
 And I can throw some at you.
 No, no, you don't have to throw any at me.
 -Okay. -[laughs]
 Okay.
 Um...
 The earlier ones, for me,
 because of how impressionable they are,
 but Raising Arizona,
 Peggy Sue Got Married,
 um, Face/Off...
 Classic.
 I got a soft spot for Moonstruck, man.
 And it isn't even about having a big swing
 in terms of performance.
 It is actually highly, highly intelligent
 choice-making in his acting,
 where I'm gonna do, like, a Fritz Lang hand thing
 in the moment where I scream about my brother,
 Danny Aiello, um, accidentally chopping his hand off,
 or he looked away and chopped his hand,
 and he's like, "I lost my hand!"
 And it's just to this...
 perfect effect where it's grounded in the scene,
 has all of this theatrical context to it and concept.
 He's still believable.
 It was really amazing to do homework for that movie
 and rewatch all of these movies that I'd already seen
 so many times.
 Um, Adaptation is maybe one of the best
 screen performances in the history of American cinema.
 But the four that I mentioned have, you know,
 a personal place in my development
 as...
 uh, an aspiring actor.
 And to this day, in my DNA a little bit,
 where I realize that I...
 I'm doing something and I'm saying something
 in a way that I have to stop and take a second
 and realize, "Oh, I got that from Vampire's Kiss."
 Or something, you know?
 -All right. -Yes?
 This next one is De Bomb Beyond Insanity.
 'Cause I ate this one already.
 Yep, that was the Dreams of Calypso.
 De Bomb Beyond Insanity.
 [coughing]
 Yeah, I kind of cleared my throat before this one too.
 Yeah? This will clear our throats for us.
 -Yeah, and everything else. -Okay.
 -All right. -This one's dangerous.
 You got it.
 Diving in.
 That-- Oh, no.
 No, no, no, no, no.
 No!
 That's a jump.
 Significant, exponential.
 This is a story structure to your interview.
 Yeah, yeah, we have a whole arc.
 Clearly you do. You tell me I'm doing well.
 Yeah.
 And then you try to kill me.
 -Yeah, yeah. -I see.
 I mean, it's gotta be successful for a reason.
 Yeah, and, you know, this is part of--
 I really actually got to the point
 where I thought that this might not happen.
 [laughing]
 Stop talking.
 [sniffing]
 It comes for all of us, this one.
 Yeah, I might do that too. That's a good move, actually.
 Can somebody step in here and let me bite into their flesh?
 Dom.
 Can somebody give me a cup of blood?
 [laughing]
 Why?
 Oh, my God, I really was like, "I'm gonna be the only one."
 [laughing]
 -Yeah, I-- -Do you ever see the fly?
 Am I talking really loud?
 Yeah, do you feel like...
 going through a metamorphosis?
 -The fly with Jeff Goldblum? -Yeah, classic.
 And he vomits onto the guy's hand,
 and it just dissolves and disintegrates,
 and then there's just this little piece of flesh
 that's being like, "Argh."
 -That's my mouth. -Yeah.
 Do I have a tongue?
 It's still there. You might not be able to feel it,
 -but it's still there. -I fucking hate milk.
 But any port in a storm, you know?
 What makes Cap'n Crunch the top dog of breakfast cereals for you?
 [chomping]
 Mark.
 Resourceful. Yeah, there--
 [laughing]
 Um...
 Cap'n Crunch is just so tasty.
 [laughing]
 It tastes like-- What is that taste? It's like caramel?
 Yeah, yeah. It's kind of its own thing, you know?
 It's its own thing. It's like...
 um, you know...
 makes you think about your childhood.
 And I would do anything to go back there right now.
 [laughing]
 Well, speaking of your childhood,
 as somebody who grew up in San Antonio,
 can you break down the difference between good Tex-Mex and bad Tex-Mex?
 Mm.
 Very good question.
 Now it's time to make people angry.
 Mm-hmm.
 -I'm doing okay. -Yeah.
 -Right? -Yeah.
 -It's like a wave. -Yeah, exactly.
 -The worst is over. -I'm fine.
 -The worst is over. -Really?
 -Mm-hmm. -It's behind us.
 [coughing]
 Don't spit back up.
 [laughing]
 None of it is allowed to come back into my mouth.
 [laughing]
 You're right. You start to say, "I'm okay," and then it's like--
 -Yeah, and then they hear you. -"Dude!"
 -They hear you. -"I'll kill you."
 [laughing]
 [groaning]
 So, um...
 there's a second wave.
 My God.
 I was in Southern California, and I, at that point,
 you know, Mexican food, Tex-Mex.
 And then I come to New York.
 And for 20 years, people are like,
 "No, this place is good Mexican."
 And I'm just like...
 "No, it's not. It's not.
 There's no good Mexican food in New York.
 Come for me."
 Um, do I have a lot of, uh,
 liquefied mucus coming out of my nose?
 No. You know what?
 You have, like, sort of a wing-eight shine
 -that I've come to recognize. -Uh-huh.
 -I gotcha. -I'm sure I got the same thing going on.
 But it's just kind of a glow, if anything.
 You know, you look great. You look great.
 Okay.
 [laughing]
 Thank you.
 [groaning]
 [sighing]
 [sighing]
 [laughing]
 This next one is taco vibes only.
 Taco vibes only.
 Butterfly Bakery of Vermont?
 -How bad could Vermont be? -Right.
 Okay.
 [burping]
 [laughing]
 Has anybody ever projectile vomited during your--
 No, you could break new ground.
 Really?
 I just feel like there's tingles that I didn't even know
 there were-- I'm learning about where all my nerve endings are.
 -I know. -Around my lips.
 It's full, uh...
 MRI scan over here. Look at you going in, though.
 [music playing]
 Okay, Vermont.
 -They know a little-- -Doesn't really matter,
 -'cause my mouth is dead. -Yep, exactly.
 -Scorched earth. -No.
 It is scorched earth.
 Okay.
 Thinking back early on in your career,
 when you'd do guest spots on shows like NYPD Blue, Law & Order, CSI,
 was there a role that stands out in your memory
 because it was like maybe an unusually complicated character
 or like unusually fun to play?
 Um, there was a really, really unusually fun character
 that I played on NYPD Blue, this goth guy named Dio.
 And he had, you know, he got all these like fake piercings
 and he's a teenager and he's hitting on the female cop.
 At one point,
 he has a pentagram
 from the inside of his palm that they made with like a black Sharpie.
 And I lick it.
 And I make up some satanic language.
 And I thought, you know, that it's supposed to be like Latin or something.
 And I remember thinking, "Well, what-- Do you have like--
 Do you have Latin words that I'm supposed to learn?"
 And they're like, "No, dude. Just make it up."
 And I was like, "Oh, okay."
 It was the kind of thing that was like, you know, I licked the hand
 and then I turned slowly towards the camera going,
 [speaking in Latin]
 You know, some crazy shit like that on an episode
 of your ABC network television hit, NYPD Blue.
 I made up the language.
 -And they can't take that away from you. -They can't.
 They can't take that one away from you.
 What are you doing with that?
 How much did you put on?
 Is this as bad as the bomb?
 -Nothing's as bad as the bomb. -All right.
 -Get it good. -There you go. That's perfect.
 I need people to like me, you know what I mean?
 -Very-- -If not, what's it all for, you know?
 Exactly. What the hell is this all for?
 Cheers, Peter. What a ride.
 It's such a nice time.
 -To a point. -I understand. I get it.
 [music playing]
 Feeling it out.
 -Looks like we're in a good place, though. -Yeah.
 I know.
 -Yeah. -Look at you.
 It's good.
 That is good.
 All right, Pedro Pascal, to close things out,
 you know, we talked about how the cinema was a place
 that you and your family could soak in pop culture,
 but I know that another formative experience for you
 was seeing live concerts, you know?
 The first show that you went to with Iggy Pop and the police,
 all the way-- Go ahead.
 Let that go. Let that go.
 All the way to Krillin your lip and performing Billy Idol in the mirror.
 So to close things out,
 my question to you is this with your brain on fire and mouth ablaze.
 Why is Prince's Purple Rain the song you'd most want to hear at your funeral?
 It's my favorite song.
 It's the most moving song.
 I don't know why, it always emerges
 even before I actively just started implementing it
 into my spiritual routine, essentially.
 I didn't go to church.
 I was raised by HBO, Spielberg and Prince.
 And for me,
 Purple Rain is like the most emotionally cathartic,
 the most musically sophisticated song that I can think of.
 If it's casually or spontaneously playing...
 somewhere...
 I'm like, I'm not...
 I don't have emotional space to go there.
 Because it just moves me so deeply.
 And what a way to go out and look at you,
 taking on the wings of death and still living to tell the tale.
 We can hold off on that funeral, Pedro Pascal.
 Now, there's nothing left to do but roll out the red carpet for you.
 -Live another day? -This camera, this camera, this camera.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 What do I have going on? Okay.
 I would say that there's a gap in between my back molar and my front tooth.
 That's where the chicken gets stuck and it continues to sort of burn.
 But I've gotten to the point...
 You should know this too.
 That I'm used to the sensation of...
 my jaw having been melted away by battery acid, maybe.
 And then, I think I'm going to go to the Whitney Museum this afternoon,
 unless I shit myself.
 Goodbye.
 -You okay? -You did so good. You did so good.
 Do you want to feel real wet?
 -Yeah. -That's wet.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Like full-on tears that come from the side of your head.
 Well, it won't be in vain because you crushed it.
 Oh, thanks, man.
 A button back up.
 It's such a great show. Thanks for having me, man.
 I feel like I'm finally cool to people that I care the most about.
 Yeah, you know what?
 Hot Ones fans, exciting news.
 The Season 20 Hot Ones 10-pack is now available.
 If you've ever watched from home and wondered to yourself,
 "How hard are the wings really?"
 Or been one of those people that's like, "Oh, they're only taking one bite."
 Well, you know what? If you think you can do better,
 now is the time to put your money where your mouth is, literally,
 with the Hot Ones Season 20 10-pack available exclusively at heatness.com.
 That's heatness.com, heatness.com, heatness.com
 to get your hands on the Season 20 Hot Ones 10-pack.
 Get 'em while they're hot.
 [music playing]
 [music playing]
 [music playing]
 [music playing]
 (upbeat music)
