 Y'all ain't... what the... where is going on with these wings, man?
 Hold on, man.
 Hey, hold up.
 Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For 1st We Feast, I'm Sean Evans and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Quavo.
 He's a rapper, songwriter, and record producer you know as one-third of the rap group Migos.
 His latest single "Straightnin'" is out now with the group's upcoming fourth studio album, Culture 3, set to release on June 11th.
 Quavo, welcome to the show.
 What's happening? What's happening?
 How are you around spicy food? Are you a man who enjoys his hot sauce?
 I like a little bit of hot sauce. Only on fish though.
 Well, today we're taking it on chicken. Are you ready to get started?
 Let's do it.
 Let's do it.
 You got to eat the whole wing.
 Fans just get mad if like you take little nibbles.
 You know some fans.
 They should be happy with that one.
 So it seems like everyone in entertainment has been really challenged on figuring out when to release new projects.
 And on the ETC podcast with Kevin Durant, you talked about how you can't just put out new music and have the internet judge it from lockdown.
 Why in particular with a group like Migos did you think that it was important to wait until now to release a project like Culture 3?
 Because when we drop music, we go straight on the road.
 We touch the fans and you perform in front of them and you let them know that this is how you perform the records.
 We normally come out and just go crazy and jump around on stage.
 So every time we perform something, it's always going in the clubs and clubs is closed.
 So it was tough.
 So we were just like, all right, cool, we're going to sit back and wait this thing out and bless the people later.
 And then, you know, the word culture, it's become kind of a buzzword that gets thrown around a lot of times in corporate boardrooms by people who have no connection to it really.
 What does the word mean to you?
 We feel like we lead by example and we gave them the flow that everybody using and everybody creating new flows off of that flow.
 We the foundation.
 So we the culture.
 We the bricks that starting all this new music right now.
 I like all flats on just go 50 percent.
 So we can't have a Quavo interview without deep diving your personal style, which has been highlighted on GQ's best dressed man of the week more often than I can count.
 Yeah. Do you remember running into Jeff Goldblum at Yves Saint Laurent a few years ago?
 He talked about it during his Hot Ones interview.
 Yeah, man. Every time I see him, though, he's super fresh.
 I just seen him at the Clippers game and he just super fresh every time I see him.
 And I was like, who that is? Who that is? Who that is? And they told me.
 I was like, OK, cool. It makes sense.
 It makes sense. But yeah, the drip is crazy.
 Pound for pound, what do you think is the best fit that you've ever gotten off at a Paris or New York Fashion Week?
 I like how we pulled up in the Met Gala.
 I think it was the year of Versace. I'm not mistaken.
 That was crazy.
 I felt like we came best dressed at the time.
 And then speaking of Versace and the Versace remix, Offset has a line where he says,
 "You'd think I'm Egyptian, all this gold on my body."
 Would it be fair to say that the ancient pharaohs would be like a style inspiration for Migos with the silk, the chains and the patterns?
 For sure. Of course.
 We young pharaohs, we feel like we young kings and we love gold.
 And then finally, what's your favorite piece of jewelry that you're wearing right now?
 I just put the big boy on the day, all baguettes, flooded out AP, the big pound guy.
 You know what I'm saying?
 We say big pound because it's the M, the million dollar watch.
 And I'm just kicking it. I ain't want to put no ice on because I don't know how hot these wings are going to be.
 You know what I'm saying? You feel me?
 What's your favorite fashion item?
 Yeah, I'm fucking with that one.
 And that's kind of a little one with like a kick. So maybe you have like a good hot sauce tolerance.
 Yeah, I got a little David Beckham with it.
 Kick it a little bit.
 So I'm fascinated by the early days of Migos when you guys were recording songs off of a microphone that you'd nailed to the living room wall
 and then rapping over beats that take off and downloaded off Soundclick.
 Yeah.
 What role did the song Boost It Up play in the origin story of Migos?
 Oh shit. That was one of our high school records.
 And at the time we was Migo gang and we were trying to boost it up.
 We was boosting shit up.
 Like, we outside.
 I see what you're saying there.
 And it was like I grabbed this sheet.
 It was like a bed sheet with whole like money signs and coins and shit.
 I nailed that shit in the back.
 And then when I nailed in the back, we used to shoot videos in front of it and just rap all day.
 Takeoff, reason why his name Takeoff because he used to do everything in one tape.
 Movie maker, you had to like record one pass.
 Anybody mess up on one ad lib or anything, we had to start it all the way over.
 And that's how Takeoff got one tape because he'll do his whole verse and not mess up and we'll mess up and have to start them over.
 How did that translate at school?
 Like did making music at that age did that?
 And Dear You did the kids more?
 Did it make you more popular at school or what effect did the music have there?
 Everybody kind of laughed at me.
 They kind of laughed at me.
 You know, passing out the CD, it was me and Takeoff on the songs.
 And then next thing you know, Offset was like, he was the only one that was feeling it.
 He was the only one that was feeling, hey, bro, you rapping that shit so hard.
 And then after that, we would just put him in the studio and get him up to speed with us.
 And then next thing you know, it was magic.
 Los Caliente, Bobba Kowa, that dude.
 So during a complex interview that you did with Jinx in 2018 and the rest of the Quality Control crew,
 you talked about an urge to get into acting.
 And here you are three years later about to make your feature film debut in a film called Wash Me in the River,
 alongside cast members that include John Malkovich and Robert De Niro.
 Did you get a chance on set to tell Robert De Niro that you name checked him and straightened him?
 Yeah, I told him.
 I told him. He was like, man, I love it.
 That was right after, I think we stayed in Puerto Rico for a month.
 And I was just recording there.
 And right after we came back home from Puerto Rico, I just went in because I was soaking all the Wash Me in the River, you know what I'm saying?
 Vibes up, you know what I'm saying?
 You got Jack Huston.
 You got my boy Robert De Niro.
 And those are the scenes I was in with.
 So I was just soaking up game and just watching him.
 And then when I just dialed it up, I had some shit to say when I got home.
 What was his response to it when you told him that you name checked him?
 He was like, uh-huh.
 Did one of those like soprano moves, like, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, good job. Appreciate it.
 That's it.
 That wasn't pleasant.
 What's this ginger goat?
 Yeah, yeah. Maybe the ginger in there or something.
 Maybe it's the goat.
 All right, Quavo, we have recurring segment on our show called Explain That Gram.
 We do a deep dive on our guest Instagram, pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So I'll show you the picture.
 You just tell us the bigger story.
 You diggin'.
 All right. So here you are performing at Eurovision in Tel Aviv with Madonna.
 And Eurovision is this crazy event that will draw literally hundreds of millions of viewers.
 What was your impression of it and how would you explain Eurovision to a confused American who's never heard of it?
 Eurovision is a spot. It's crazy.
 With all the fans, everybody's like all over music and they just put so much time and effort in their states.
 It's like a big grand finale.
 But I felt like it was something that I wanted to be.
 I wanted to perform it because I think I was the first rapper to ever perform there.
 And that's when I started learning about it.
 And then Will Ferrell come out with a movie.
 I was like, damn, I was there.
 So I feel like I needed to be a part of that to be one of the greatest musicians ever.
 And I was on stage with one of them.
 All right. This next one.
 Do you have a favorite memory or favorite game from the handful that you've watched from the sidelines with the Georgia Bulldogs?
 Got to be that one. Got to be that game right there.
 That's when we took it home.
 We won the SEC Championship.
 We went on and got the Rose Bowl.
 We beat Baker Mayfield.
 Then we lost a tough one in Alabama.
 I was there the whole step of the way and I felt like them boys was rocking out and they did a good job.
 Did you do any half time stuff?
 Any sort of like pregame stuff?
 Just some prep.
 Just cuss them out and get them going.
 That's it.
 Can you give us just one thing that was discussed at this meeting of the minds?
 It's an amazing picture.
 You, Kanye West, Travis Scott, and Elon Musk.
 Yeah, that was the day the Cybertruck had...
 He had kind of like dropped the Cybertruck and teased it.
 And that was actually Christmas.
 The Christmas party.
 We just spending time with the fam and chopping it up with Elon and tell him come on with that truck.
 We need it.
 Back half here.
 You said back half. We call that the back end.
 You know what I'm talking about?
 Yeah.
 Kind of like a curry vibe.
 Yeah.
 Curry chicken.
 Mm-hmm.
 But hot.
 Mm-hmm.
 Now it's getting real.
 Back end.
 I think it's pretty real.
 So songwriters can be very particular about the atmosphere or their surroundings within a room.
 How would you describe the ideal creative conditions for Quavo?
 Me, myself, and a computer.
 Mic and keyboard.
 No engineer.
 Most of the time just in the studio.
 I treat the studio like a gym.
 Shit got my tongue, but it's not hot.
 Feel like I don't know what it is.
 I've heard stories, Rick Ross for example, laying out spreads of fully cooked steaks,
 not for eating, but simply for the aroma in the studio.
 What's the most unique thing that you've ever seen an artist do to set a vibe in the studio?
 Got to be DJ Khaled.
 The biggest vibe.
 I can't really speak because my tongue is on fire.
 That's the show. Yeah, that's the show.
 So he had—I can't talk, bro.
 He picked us up on a jet, the house, he had tons of food, the table was super long,
 just whatever food you could imagine.
 We sat out there and we ate really good.
 After we ate, we went to the studio and made a smash go crazy with her.
 And I just feel like that was the craziest vibe and it was a big hit.
 Was that the same session that he was blasting off the air horn?
 There you go. There you go.
 Help me out because I can't really talk like that.
 Can y'all just give me a fork?
 Oh, that's smart. Grab a fork.
 All right. This one is Love Burns from Hotter Than Hell.
 Try it your way.
 So it seems like your driveway has been getting pretty crowded lately
 and I saw that last summer you put the Santa Sleigh paint job on your new Tesla.
 Of all the cars in your garage, which one does have your favorite or the most unique custom finish?
 My Tesla.
 Which Italian manufacturer do you think makes better luxury sports cars, Ferrari or Lamborghini, and why?
 Lam—Lamborghini.
 Lambo.
 Hold on, man. Hold up.
 It's a lot. It's a lot.
 What the—where is going on with these wings, man?
 Hold on, man. Hey, hold up.
 I can't get five seconds, really.
 Somebody give me five seconds, man.
 We can slow it down.
 That's what I'm saying. Like when you ask them a question, it feel like it get hotter, bro.
 When you stop, I'm good.
 Yeah, yeah. We can just chill here. We can just chill.
 What was that again? Love burns?
 Love burns, yeah.
 Ooh, love burns, boy.
 Real.
 All right.
 We finna go to the bomb?
 If you're ready for it.
 They got a nuclear weapon. It's like they got a nuclear bomb on it.
 I ain't gonna lie, like, I love steel burning.
 I'm just kick back because I know what they're finna do.
 What the fuck is going on?
 This is a wild one.
 I'm gonna go for the bomb.
 I'm gonna go for the bomb.
 I'm gonna go for the bomb.
 It's wild.
 That a loud one, y'all.
 Oh, man.
 Who made that sauce, my boy?
 So, this actually comes out of Kansas City, Kansas City, Missouri.
 What?
 It's a crazy sauce.
 That shit got me. This is crazy.
 Whoo.
 Man.
 Man.
 That shit made me cry, boy.
 That's hot.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That was hot.
 I know, I know.
 That shit's still hot.
 It's a weird show.
 I know.
 What?
 I gotta pull out the set.
 What the fuck is that?
 All right, we're back.
 I'm having fun, brother.
 Okay.
 Trust me, it's just that bomb, it bombed me.
 Oh, my God.
 All right, are you ready to move on here to the next sauce?
 No, sir.
 Yeah.
 No more sauce.
 Fair.
 The bomb is the last one for me.
 And it bombed me.
 It happens.
 It did what it's supposed to do.
 It actually, yeah, that shit crazy.
 Now, I'll just ask you some questions,
 and then we'll finish this thing up.
 Does that sound good?
 That sounds perfect.
 So, one of your many hidden talents is that of an athlete.
 In fact, I understand that you led Gwinnett County
 in passing yards as a senior quarterback at Berkmar High School.
 Did you get any feedback on your throwing mechanics
 when you made the first pitch?
 Did you get any feedback on your throwing mechanics
 when you made that visit to the University of Michigan back in 2018?
 No, they just told me I needed a little bit more zip with the whip.
 So, athletes often use music for inspiration.
 I know this puts you on the spot,
 but what do you think is the best Migos song
 for a locker room anthem before the big game?
 Ice trade the game.
 For ice trade, trade young.
 In the playoffs right now, we need them to get to the bag.
 And then, you got to be straightening.
 Don't nothing get straightening but straightening.
 Got to handle your business.
 All right, so Quavo, here we are, thankfully, mercifully,
 at the end of our spicy wing journey together.
 And I'm not sure if you're aware of this or not,
 but a few years ago, Offset came in
 and provided some of the biggest Spice highlights
 that we had in all of season eight.
 So, what I want to do is show you some of these highlights,
 some of these gifts widely circulated on the internet.
 And as someone who knows them best,
 I'm just curious what you think his internal dialogue is, okay?
 He wasn't that hot.
 Handled that.
 Yeah.
 All right, up next.
 I don't know what he done.
 I think that was after the wing.
 Oh, that's after the bomb.
 He ain't doing it no more.
 Well, he did.
 That got to be the bomb.
 He did continue to go on.
 Okay, cool.
 He did continue to go on,
 but he was pushed up against the ropes.
 Well, there you have it, Quavo,
 the Hot Ones experience in all of its glory.
 And now there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 Culture 3.
 Culture 3 is the biggest album of the world.
 It's going to be the greatest album of the world.
 And we back with my brothers.
 See you on the stage near you.
 You dig?
 Wow.
 [applause]
 [groans]
 Hey, what's going on, Spice Lords?
 Camera guy Bill here with a very special announcement.
 June 14th is right around the corner,
 and do you know what that means?
 Flag Day.
 And what better way to celebrate Flag Day
 than by showing your Hot Ones pride
 with some brand new Hot Ones flags
 from Buffalo's very own Oxford Pennant.
 From the birthplace of the chicken wing
 and the show that made eating the hottest sauces
 known to man a global sensation
 comes a collaboration for the ages.
 The Oxford Pennant Hot Ones collection
 is Spice Lord approved and Sean Evans certified.
 Your favorite Hot Ones-isms are immortalized
 in a series of pennants, camp flags, banners, and pins.
 Fully designed and manufactured in my hometown,
 the spiciest city in America, Buffalo, New York.
 If there's one thing I love about Buffalo,
 it's that it's giving you such national treasures as
 the chicken wing, the Buffalo Bills,
 Tony Soprano's mom, Rick James, Camera Guy Bill,
 and the hottest collaboration of the year.
 Get yours today at shop.firstwefeast.com
 That's shop.firstwefeast.com
 Happy Flag Day!
 [MUSIC]
