 I'm just here. I'm just here with you.
 Whoa!
 Hey, what's going on, everybody? For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans,
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Rami Youssef.
 He's a Golden Globe Award winning actor, writer and comedian,
 best known for his lead role in Rami, Emmy nominated, Peabody
 award winning comedy series currently in its third season on Hulu.
 He's also the co-creator of Moe, an acclaimed comedy drama,
 which is now streaming on Netflix.
 Rami Youssef, welcome to the show.
 Thanks for having me.
 How are you around spicy food before we get started?
 I grew up with a lot of hot sauce.
 Like it was a thing.
 And I think actually when I was a kid, I would have been
 better at this because I didn't have taste buds.
 Like I think my dad just always put hot sauce on everything and I was just down.
 And then I think I stepped away from it for a bit.
 And so I'm somewhere in the middle now.
 So we're getting right back into the game today.
 Yeah, this is, yeah, in a way, my childhood.
 All right. Well, let's relive it.
 Are you ready to get started? Let's do it.
 OK, right here.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's really good.
 It's yeah, really good.
 So Rami tells the story of a Muslim American struggling to balance his faith
 with the everyday temptations of being human, which on the show can range
 from porn and drugs to dating and family.
 In making Mo and Rami, I'm curious what stood out in comparing
 and contrasting notes on the Arab American experience in New Jersey versus Houston.
 My favorite thing about getting to make Mo was this idea of
 what does it look like to have a guy who doesn't have his papers?
 You know, this this whole idea of people who work under the table
 was really interesting to us, and we wanted to kind of figure out
 that's a totally different experience than a kid like Rami, who is a citizen.
 He's kind of dealing with his higher self and lower self.
 And in a way, he's almost privileged, even though his family
 has given up a lot for the immigrant experience compared to Mo in his show.
 You know, you see that there are different challenges.
 And I think we were really excited to set something in the South
 to to show how diverse it is there.
 I like these better than the drumsticks.
 Yeah, the drumstick feels messier.
 This I can kind of, you know, split the bone easier.
 I like to split the bone like that.
 Yeah, I see that's a little bit of a problem on the way.
 That's somebody who's been around and then you kind of split it there.
 Look at that.
 Now the Rami technique, it's nice.
 So shows like Rami, Dave, Curb Your Enthusiasm, they often portray
 the protagonist as obnoxious and self-absorbed, even though they're
 semi autobiographical stories.
 How do you think about the likability factor
 when creating a character like Rami for TV?
 I think it would be so crazy to make a character named after myself,
 and he's just this amazing guy that doesn't make any mistakes.
 There's something about that felt really off.
 I like the idea that I'm making something that is almost
 it's kind of like my nightmare of who I could become
 or who I might have been, you know, in a different circumstance
 without a passion, without love.
 So he's definitely in that space for me, which is a lot more fun to play, too.
 And talking about Larry David's TV contributions, what did you mean by
 even if your favorite player isn't Michael Jordan,
 the game is influenced by Michael Jordan?
 Mm, that's a great quote. I said that.
 I was like, oh, yeah, I remember saying that.
 It's in the, you know, I think so much of the format,
 whether it's Seinfeld or Curb, I think every modern TV writer is influenced by it.
 And so even if you're trying to do something super subversive, you're still
 you know that that's kind of part of what's happening in comedy right now
 is what he put forward.
 And yeah, so I'm just I'm a huge fan.
 And and and Michael, like, here's the thing.
 I am a LeBron guy.
 But but when it but when it comes to when it comes to comedy,
 definitely Larry David.
 Yeah. When you see the game, the game influenced by Michael Jordan.
 Yes. Yes. Big time.
 You put Tom Holland in the hospital, I heard.
 You know what? That's maybe news to me, but it wouldn't surprise me.
 That wouldn't surprise me, given what he went through that day.
 Seems like a good man.
 He is a good guy. He's a good dude.
 I'm sorry if we did that.
 As a stand up, do you have any sort of guiding ethics
 when it comes to dealing with hecklers?
 And then do you remember the first time you got really savagely heckled?
 Hmm. I don't like making fun of hecklers.
 I think there's like there's a lot of like
 watching a comedian take down a person in the audience.
 And well, yeah, of course, like we should be able to take them down.
 There's a reason we have the mic.
 Like, yeah, the comedian's funnier than the audience member.
 Yes, should obviously should be.
 So I kind of try to try to figure out like why they're being so loud.
 I remember being in Jacksonville, Florida once.
 This was my first real heckle.
 And I just I think I just said that I was Muslim.
 And this woman was just like, oh, we don't do that here.
 Loud from the back.
 She's like, we don't do that here.
 And I was like, oh, OK, you're making it sound like it's just
 like we don't have vegan food.
 Like it's not it wasn't like it wasn't even hateful.
 It was just kind of like, oh, we don't.
 The air is like not conducive to Muslim life form.
 What it felt like.
 Which was a funnier pre-fame job, being a camp counselor
 or working at the Apple Store?
 I loved working at the Apple Store.
 There was you just met all these different kinds of people.
 And I didn't know how to fix the computers, but I know how to sell them.
 And I and I think there's something about there is something about selling
 a computer to somebody who isn't sure if they should pay for it.
 That's very similar to pitching a show.
 I think I probably learned everything I did about pitching shows
 trying to get people to buy like the pimped out MacBook Pro.
 Nice. This is great.
 So we mentioned in your intro, but it bears repeating that you really are
 a man of many hats, I mean, literally, but also metaphorically.
 You know, you not only star in the show, but also serve as a writer,
 serve as a producer, serve as a showrunner, sometimes even a director.
 Is there a scene that you most regret had to be altered or scrubbed
 simply because the production ran out of money?
 There's always like a better solution.
 I mean, we were we wanted to get a tiger into a scene
 and we had this scene where, yeah, we wanted this kind of
 rich, emirati dude to have a tiger.
 And then production said it was too expensive.
 But then they said it was unethical, but they said it was too expensive first.
 Yeah. And then all of a sudden we can't afford it.
 And I'm like, oh, but it's been in the script.
 And they're like, actually, it's really unethical.
 And I was like, OK.
 And then I read about it and it is unethical.
 So then we started talking about CGIing a tiger and definitely didn't have money for that.
 But then it kind of turned into a better storyline where we were trying to think
 of something wild outside of this tiger bit.
 And then we got Mia Khalifa.
 We'd not like to do the same thing the tiger was going to do.
 It was just like a totally different storyline that fit into something.
 And that ended up being one of, I think, my favorite episodes we did.
 Do I have any chicken on my teeth?
 No, you're doing good. Clean, pristine all the way through.
 Amazing.
 Definitely has. Yeah, it's great.
 Chili oil base.
 Yeah. For Rami. There we go.
 I hope a second bite.
 Clocked it. Yeah.
 All right, Rami, we have a recurring segment on our show called Explain That Gramm
 where we do a deep dive on our guests and scramble interesting pictures that need more context.
 So we'll pull the picture up over here on the monitor and you just tell us the bigger story.
 Yeah. All right. First things first.
 So you and I are similar in that our dads didn't really understand what we were doing
 with our lives until we were on The Late Show.
 If we asked your parents, what would they say has been the highlight of your career so far?
 I think they were really happy that I did Colbert just because they knew him.
 Yeah, right.
 And so I'd been working as a comedian, as an actor doing things.
 But when they saw me with him, they were like, oh, wow, like, I don't know.
 They thought he was going to take care of me or keep sending me checks.
 They were just like, oh, he knows Colbert.
 Like, he'll, you know, he'll just be able to call him.
 That was a big that was a really big one for them.
 And then this is from your directorial debut at 10 years old.
 Who or to what do you credit with your fascination with filmmaking at a young age?
 And then do you have a home movie that you look back on and think that was really my best work?
 Yeah, I was I was very obsessed with with making my own.
 I was trying to make an and one mixtape here.
 I really because I thought you kind of subverted it a little bit, you know, like that gag of like missing the shots all the time.
 That's kind of like a good gag for a 10 year old.
 It was it was yeah, it was definitely elevated.
 I think I was like, all right, I'll make it funny until I get my growth spurt.
 That was my whole thing, because I remember reading about Michael Jordan, like he grew six inches, you know, between his sophomore and junior year.
 And so I thought that was going to happen to me.
 And so I thought until then, I'll just be funny.
 Then I'll get the growth spurt.
 Then I'll play in the league.
 And here we are.
 But the thing is, my favorite part of doing well in comedy is getting courtside seats.
 So it's like it's like all just to like be close to basketball like that.
 That's been the best part of the whole thing.
 I understand what you're saying.
 One hundred percent. Like, I really think that my only goal in all of this is to just infiltrate the teams that I grew up rooting for.
 Saw you announcing like a draft pick, too.
 Yeah, yeah, I did. I did.
 I did the Chicago Bears second round pick.
 Shout out to Quan Brisker, defensive back Penn State.
 Actually having a great year.
 But that's the only reason I do any of this, really.
 Just to do that shout out.
 Just to do that shout out.
 Yeah, it's very exciting.
 Kind of a step up here.
 Yeah.
 Six kind of comes out of nowhere.
 You know, I'll say when we put together this, you know, it's kind of complicated putting together the lineup, right?
 Because you got to get there, you know, that's why people are tuning in.
 Yeah.
 But you can't totally smoke people out like in the first half, you know?
 So then what I find ends up happening in the back half is it really is like exponentially.
 Yeah.
 Going up and up with each sauce.
 But I feel this is the first one that really.
 No, I know.
 I was just talking about my childhood and then six is like, yeah, it's a big jump.
 Big jump.
 OK.
 So pitch stories fascinate me for one, because they can make or break a project, but two, just because they're good old fashioned show business, closed door affairs.
 Thinking back on when you first started pitching Rami to now, what would you say are the biggest lessons you've learned about the art of the Hollywood cell?
 I think they want to hear that there's a way in for everybody.
 Yeah.
 So it's like those things are the reason why I kind of zone in on them is because it it does feel like you could get a different culture and you could get a different experience in.
 But it's also everybody's experience.
 And I think that's what what everyone's looking for.
 They want it to be super specific and they want it to be the broadest thing on earth.
 And those things totally clash.
 And I think most shows that don't work or that you watch that you don't like, you're like, oh, yeah, well, that it's because the ask was impossible.
 They wanted it to be for everybody, but also different.
 So it's a tough thing to look for.
 It's a tough thing to deliver.
 But I think the right people in the right stories, you can kind of you can find it.
 And then this one kind of sweet up front, but then.
 Wow. Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah. It's all right.
 But we're still it's so crazy.
 It's like the more the time goes on, it gets worse.
 It's like everything's really tingling, you know.
 And who knows how these things are all working together against you at this point?
 You know, like what?
 What had this active ingredient or whatever to create this cumulative effect of this thing that we're going?
 Yes, like the opposite of momentum.
 Yeah, it's getting more resistance, more resistance.
 But still we endure.
 Yeah. March on.
 I kind of don't want to use the milk.
 Like I'm trying to be I know I'm trying to be strategic about the milk.
 OK, because I feel like I don't want to get.
 I don't know. This is crazy.
 This is so hot. I don't want to get used to the milk.
 I kind of want right.
 Like when you get it, it'll be like like you've been wandering the desert for days and days and days.
 And then you find like an oasis or something like you want that milk to hit like that.
 The milk going in the milk now would feel like like breaking into my retirement too early.
 Right. Yeah. Where I'm like, I got to save that for when it gets real bad.
 Like I think I could just let me let me wait it out.
 Look at you with a hot sauce analogy to here.
 It's like now turning into this.
 Yeah. Well, the thing in the in the desert inspired me.
 I was like, I was like, wow, we let's build on this.
 We make this poetic. It'll hurt less.
 And maybe that's what all poetry is just to not feel pain.
 That's the meaning of poetry.
 I know we're discovering never understood poetry until now.
 I had a seven.
 I guess what they've been writing about.
 That's why it's short, because they're they're in pain.
 Four lines. That's all I can do because everything hurts.
 What goes through your head when you get listed on GQ's list of the most stylish
 funny men alongside Jonah Hill and Seth Rogen?
 Like when you see that kind of press, does that make you feel good
 or does it just put more pressure on you every time you leave the house?
 When they say most stylish funny men, I'm like, yeah,
 that. Yeah. Because you're like in the.
 Yeah, I mean, where's the competition?
 Yeah, let's come on.
 Comedians. Yeah. I'll wait for when it's most stylish men.
 OK, but if you're going to put that funny asterix,
 I better be on the fucking cover. That's how I feel.
 Oh, I gave that one a smell. Yeah, that one.
 Usually I wouldn't recommend that smell because then it gets into your head.
 And I really wish I didn't do that.
 I know everyone told me to not touch my eyes, but no one told me to not smell.
 I think we might have to add that, you know, has a line item.
 Don't touch your eyes.
 Don't because I actually feel what I smell already.
 OK. Right.
 Does anyone enjoy eating this or was it just made for this?
 No, no. This is like you're supposed to enjoy food.
 Ah.
 And we're back. Yeah, we're back.
 Here we go. So you once said, I probably have just as hard of a time
 defending New Jersey as I do defending Muslims.
 So on that note, what I want to do is bounce a few Garden State
 hallmarks off of you just to see if you can craft defense
 and these most bizarre of circumstances. Sound good?
 Yeah. Wawa. Wawa is iconic.
 Wawa is amazing.
 It's like a gas station story, but it's really it's a culture.
 It means I think it means a lot to a lot of people.
 Great logo. Adorable. Stop there.
 You know, you get all you need.
 Yeah. Joe Budden.
 Joe Budden. I'm a fan.
 I'm a fan. And I think you just got to Joe Budden.
 You just got to sit with his work. It doesn't hit you all at once.
 I think it's it's waves.
 It's kind of like that kind of kind of like this.
 Jon Bon Jovi. Oh, my God. Legend.
 Legend. Bon Jovi.
 I would listen to him as a kid.
 I walk up and down the block just like. Emotional.
 Good. Good man. Nothing.
 Excuse me. I kind of wanted to burp.
 Yeah. Joe had, you know, just let it out.
 But I suppressed it.
 I actually feel OK for a moment.
 Yeah. Like I have like a.
 There's like a quiet calmness.
 Yeah. You know, like sometimes you can get like a little light headed
 off of it a little bit. Yeah.
 Transcendent experience.
 The hot ones got lit each and every time.
 Every time, right? Every time.
 I'm kind of not feeling a lot right now.
 I'm just here. I'm just here with you.
 Whoa. That had like. I'm sorry.
 No, that was it was kind of like, Oh, my God, I wish I didn't do that.
 It kicked it all up to the air.
 It sounded like.
 There might have been something coming with that one.
 See, once the Orami executive producer, Gerard Carmichael,
 I want to make something where God isn't cheesy.
 What tropes or cliches bother you the most about the way
 that religion is depicted on screen?
 Yeah, it always feels like there's these like
 big gates in heaven.
 Or. Or like.
 Like a man in the sky, you know, God's man in the sky, you know,
 and I, you know, I love Morgan Freeman, but like I wanted to make something
 that feels like that rattling guilt that's inside you,
 that kind of follows you.
 And then also that feeling of hope, you know, that even though there's a dead end,
 there could be something more.
 I think like now this is that's what's getting me through in this moment
 is that hope that there could be, you know, that there will be later.
 Like, I'll make it to level 10 because of God.
 You know, yeah, that's that's why I'm that's the only thing
 that's kind of getting me through right now, because I definitely feel
 this isn't good. Oh, living on a prayer.
 I've never understood.
 It's like that is if we were directing this,
 living on a prayer right now, needle drop.
 This is the score of what's happening now.
 I'm going to do it.
 I don't want to give up on tradition.
 But just be careful.
 There's no stopper on this bottle.
 I put so much more than a dab. I know I'm going to do it.
 There we go. Wow.
 Digging our own graves here on this.
 You see how much is on this?
 Yeah, that's significant.
 Yeah.
 Cheers.
 Cheers. Thank you.
 So to close things out, what I want to do is hit you with a quote
 that is just so quintessentially New Jersey.
 Some of the most important conversations I've had in my life
 have been at a diner counter.
 That's what you do if you're from Jersey.
 You make a decision at a diner at three in the morning.
 What is your love letter to Jersey diner culture?
 Like, why is it important to you?
 You know, there's something about
 something that's that's open all night
 where you can go and just get a hot meal, like a warm
 meal, not this.
 And they're there.
 And there are people who there was this guy, George,
 at the Candlewick diner.
 I talked about every I talked to him before I, you know,
 before I dropped out of college.
 I talked to George.
 I go to that diner booth.
 My buddy Mohammed would just talk about everything we were going to do
 was in that booth. Three a.m.
 I think I decided I was going to get married in a diner booth.
 I'm pretty sure I was there late night.
 And I was like, yeah, talking it out with my buddy and like, yeah, this is
 this is what I'm going to do.
 It's a it's kind of like a pew in a church, but with food.
 Beautifully said. And look at you, Robbie, taking on the wings of death,
 living to tell the tale, and now there's nothing left to do but to roll out
 the red carpet for you.
 This camera, this camera, this camera.
 Let the people know you have going on in your life.
 Robbie, season three is out right now on Hulu.
 Just start there and then.
 Yeah. And then you can just.
 They'll get it. You'll get it.
 You get it. You get you get what's happening.
 You just type my name in the it's getting so bad.
 It's so bad right now.
 But you made it. Thank you.
 Wow. Well, there's a lot of sauce on that tendon.
 How did it feel to relive your childhood?
 I feel like my dad prepped me for this.
 Yeah, I do. Yeah, I feel I feel like he put me through it.
 And it got me here. Wow.
 Hey, what's going on, Hot Ones fans?
 Thank you so much for watching today's episode.
 And I have an important announcement to all the many spice lords out there.
 And those of us who like to just dabble on the fringes of spice,
 them say hello to our newest flavor from Hot Ones Junior.
 It's the red.
 The red takes things up a notch with ghost pepper and red carrot.
 It brings a warming zing to all of your favorite foods.
 Try it on gooey mac and cheese this winter and thank me later.
 To get your hands on the Hot Ones Junior family of sauces, visit Heatness.com.
 That's Heatness.com.
 Heatness.com. Red light, yellow light, green light. Go now.
 (upbeat music)
