 Here's a real tear.
 Rhonda together, we'll rally through this one.
 Oh, God, dude.
 Hey, what's going on, everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans,
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Rhonda Rousey.
 She's a former bantamweight champion
 and the first ever woman to be inducted in the UFC Hall of Fame.
 She's an actress, author, Olympian, WWE, Raw Women's
 Champion, and not to be outdone, she also has a pretty pop
 and YouTube channel as well.
 Check it out, subscribe, but first things
 first, the wings of death.
 Rhonda Rousey, welcome to the show.
 Thank you for having me.
 This has been a long time coming.
 Too long.
 And you know, I know that wings have always
 been a part of your post-fight celebratory feast.
 I'm curious, how spicy do you like them, though?
 You know what?
 I like them spicy enough where I can actually
 still taste everything else.
 So I'd say there's got to be a balance to it.
 And I guess we're going way to the far side of that balance.
 So I'll tell you where the sweet spot--
 where the sweet spot's at and when
 we have passed the threshold.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 I just rip into it right away?
 Just rip into it, yep.
 I don't know if you've seen this technique before of hot wing
 eating.
 Is that a thing for you?
 Not the first bones you've split, I don't think.
 Ha, ha, ha, ha.
 Good one.
 All right, so I think this is the ranch.
 It's pretty good on ranch.
 I mean, yeah, I like it on ranch.
 This is the blue cheese.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Wow.
 I got to put my hair back before I get too saucy.
 So first, my compliments to your team,
 because you've recreated the hot one set to the point
 that when I walked into the studio and saw the monitor,
 I thought I was a ghost.
 Because I was looking at the set, but I couldn't see myself.
 So I want to say that first.
 And my guess is that you're probably
 shooting from Browsey Acres, your sustainable ranch
 in Southern California, where you live off the land
 and take care of some 30-plus farm animals.
 How much of this lifestyle is motivated
 by just being practical and being responsible?
 And how much of it is just pure doomsday prepper impulse?
 It started as doomsday prepper, but it's
 morphed into just kind of like our contribution to society
 is to try and be as self-sustaining and less
 taxing from everybody else as possible.
 At first, it was like reoccurring zombie dreams.
 I'm like, what am I going to do?
 My mom called me the other day, and she was like,
 I don't know what I'm going to do with this election.
 I might move out of the country.
 I don't know what's going on.
 I'm so stressed out.
 And I'm like, Mom, I'm prepared for zombies.
 That's like a 10.
 Life is great is like one.
 President you don't like is like a two or a three.
 I'm definitely prepared for two or three.
 So it kind of like--
 if you're prepared for zombies, you just
 kind of feel like everything else is like, eh.
 You know, I could deal with it.
 Mm.
 It's unique.
 Your intimate understanding of human anatomy
 in terms of which bones and which joints break the easiest
 is both fascinating and terrifying.
 In your experience, what are, in fact,
 the most vulnerable pain points for a fighter?
 Like, the elbow only goes a certain way.
 The knee only goes a certain way.
 And the ankle only goes a certain way.
 They're not like a very durable joint.
 So it only takes like a few pounds of pressure
 to dislocate somebody's elbow.
 It actually started back in my judo days.
 My mom, her philosophy was, if you throw somebody,
 they can just not count it.
 If you get somebody in a pin, they
 could just tell you to get up.
 If you get somebody in a choke, they could tell you to get up,
 and the person takes a deep breath, and they're fine.
 But if you get somebody in an arm bar,
 and you break their arm, and they don't count it,
 the other person only has one arm.
 And if you lose to that person, then you deserve to lose.
 So you should just get really good at arm bars.
 On that note, how would you break down the components
 of a perfect arm bar?
 Mm.
 Like, a lot of people would teach,
 oh, you're supposed to turn your toes in and squeeze
 with your knees.
 Or I always cross my ankles when I bring my heels into my butt
 and open my knees.
 I remember watching the commentary, one of my fights,
 and one of the commentaries were like,
 she just needs to squeeze her knees a little bit.
 And I'm like, shut the fuck up.
 You don't even know what you're talking about, OK?
 My arm bar's perfect.
 Fuck you.
 [DING]
 Mm.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Mm-hmm.
 So most people got to know you as the face of UFC.
 But when you were 16 years old, you
 were actually the number one ranked judoka in the world
 and had competed in two Olympics by your 21st birthday.
 Literally translated from Japanese as the gentle way,
 judo is steeped in philosophical principles
 about using body and mind efficiently.
 Can you enlighten me on judo's core interplay
 between the violent and the gentle?
 It basically comes from people fighting each other
 in, like, samurai armor.
 So that's why there's no striking in judo,
 because why would you punch or kick somebody
 that's covered in armor?
 That's why, like, the pins and throws count as a win,
 because if you could, like, get somebody to the ground
 and pin them, you can pull out a knife or whatever
 and stab them or something like that.
 The gentle way means nobody dies.
 Like, you're supposed to be fine.
 Like, at the end, you know, you can--
 like, in a judo tournament, you can have, like, five,
 seven matches in a day.
 And you're not supposed to really get injured,
 even though, you know, shit happens.
 But, like, it's gentle way as in it's, like,
 not part of warfare anymore.
 It's a sport.
 Angry Goat.
 I like that name.
 I got six goats.
 The sweetness was, like, in the middle.
 At first, I would taste, like, barbecue, like, hints
 of barbecue.
 Then it was sweet.
 And then now it's, like, the spice is coming in.
 Yeah.
 It's got layers, man.
 So you have a really strong understanding
 of the economics of fighting.
 And you can even, in a more broadly way,
 really explain the business of sports in layman's terms.
 Between the UFC, WWE, and Hollywood,
 which industry is the most unpleasant to negotiate
 a contract in?
 Oh, my gosh.
 With the UFC, I mean, I always, like, am very much
 about betting on myself.
 I would want, like--
 You like the back end.
 You like the back end.
 Yeah, I care about the back end.
 Like, pay me whatever you think is fair.
 All I really care about is, you know, having some stake
 in how well this does.
 And I'll make sure it does, like, really fucking well.
 I've never really cared about money,
 so I never really had a problem with anybody.
 Anybody that hires me is like, fuck, yeah.
 She doesn't, like--
 I'm not really a nickel or dime-ing anybody.
 I'm just like, yeah, like, you know,
 I have people that help me out with that stuff.
 And I'm like, OK, just let me know when I can sign a thing.
 And then I'm going to show up, and I'm
 just going to do fucking awesome.
 And everyone's going to be happy.
 And so far, it's been working out.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 I got milk in my mouth.
 Just amazing technique.
 Thank you.
 All right, Rhonda, we have a recurring segment
 on our show called Explain That Gram.
 We do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 interesting pictures that need more context.
 Did I post these things?
 Yeah.
 Oh.
 [LAUGHS]
 Yeah.
 So it's crazy how you endured as MMA fighter,
 professional wrestler, only to severely
 injure yourself on a TV set.
 I was doing 911, and they had this episode where, like,
 a tsunami or whatever wiped out in LA.
 And literally, like, the first day of shooting,
 we're down in Mexico filming in the tanks
 that they film Titanic in.
 And the director, who was like, OK,
 you're going to open this boat door, and then come out,
 say your lines, and then throw this shit in the water.
 I'm like, cool.
 So then I come out, and I push up the door.
 But I'm, like, shorter than him, and I'm going up
 steps at the same time.
 So it feels like the door is, like, going.
 I guess it just kind of, like, paused.
 On the way out, it, like, slammed on my hand.
 And I was like, fuck.
 I, like, hit all my lines.
 And then I grabbed all that shit,
 and I threw it out the boat.
 And I looked down at my hand, and, like, my fucking finger
 is off.
 I'm very good at, like, shutting down and not, like,
 showing pain when, like, shit's not going well for me.
 So I, like, kind of covered my hand up, and I, like,
 turned to look at, like, the director, everybody,
 like, behind the camera.
 And I'm like, yeah, um, I better probably put my fingers off.
 And then they had to, like, put me in the ambulance.
 And it just so happened that in the emergency room or whatever
 was, like, a hand specialist that
 used to train with my husband down at, like, Alliance
 or something like that.
 And he was like, oh my god, what's happening?
 I'm like, you know, that's my finger fucking--
 falling off.
 And, um, yeah, I have, like, a plate and, like, eight screws.
 Look at this thing.
 Yeah.
 And you know, and I finally got it back down to a fist,
 which is all I cared about, you know?
 I don't care about flicking people off pretty.
 Like, I feel like the extra knuckle makes it more intense.
 This is hotter than I would prefer, like, at a restaurant,
 because I feel like the, um, the hot sauce is really
 overpowering and that I don't really
 get to taste the chicken or anything else that much.
 So, like, it's above my preference,
 but not, like, above my ability, if that makes sense.
 Oh, wait, I already have--
 just let me just have a crack.
 So I know that you have a soft spot in your heart for anime.
 It's an art form now that's really gone mainstream.
 It's very commonplace now to see athletes from NBA players
 to UFC stars draw inspiration from shows like Dragon Ball Z.
 What, in your opinion, makes anime special as a storytelling
 genre compared to, like, the traditional American cartoon
 fare that we grew up on?
 What I loved about Dragon Ball Z that was so different
 than anything else that I'd seen in, like, American cartoons
 was all of their powers they had to, like, really earn
 and work hard for.
 And it wasn't like Bruce Wayne had
 to get, like, a better-- buy a better gadget because he's
 rich or, you know, Superman was already tapped out
 or, like, this is somebody's powers
 because something happened to them.
 I think because I was working so hard to be, like,
 a judo master myself, I thought it was really cool
 to, like, see something like that about, like, martial arts.
 I think now, like, a lot of people
 are coming out that, like, I love Dragon Ball Z
 because it's, like, you kind of had to hold it in and not talk
 about it your whole life.
 Just, like, I had to not talk about, like, judo tournaments
 or anything else like that.
 So it's, like, a big coming out party for everybody
 that are, you know, a couple of decades removed
 from discovering it.
 Ghost pepper.
 Oh, fuck, this is the one that's coming to get me, huh?
 Woo!
 I literally do not want to clear my throat because I feel
 like I could hurt myself.
 [LAUGHS]
 Wait till you get to the next one.
 Mm.
 That was a sharp left turn.
 There's definitely some, like, protests in my stomach.
 I don't even know which was better, the ranch
 or the blue cheese, because they're there purely
 for survival purposes.
 Right, and who can focus in a time like this?
 Mm-hmm.
 So Rhonda, your name is synonymous with championship
 belts and Hollywood red carpets, but I
 know that you had to grind it out with a handful of odd jobs
 along the way.
 What was your biggest customer pet peeve
 back when you were working on the floor at Home Depot?
 Home Depot?
 There's a lot of, like, weird shit at the Home Depot.
 I ring things out with the little barcode thing, you know?
 So if you bring me some random piece of fucking whatever
 that could have been from anywhere
 in this entire warehouse and it doesn't have barcode on it,
 don't get all huffy and puffy with me
 when I have to break out the binder and look for the shit
 and call somebody else, be like,
 do you know what this fucking thing is?
 And they're like, uh, well, uh, uh, psh, kk.
 And I'm like, stop fucking beatboxing, OK?
 I am a minimum wage apron-wearing,
 dealing-with-your-ass type of bitch right now.
 Like, I'm a human.
 I am not a robot.
 I can't just scan the shit with my eyes.
 Like, like, let's calm down here.
 My nose is running.
 It's so spicy.
 All right, are you ready to move on to the next one?
 Yes.
 Be very careful with this one.
 This is Da Bomb Beyond Insanity.
 Da Bomb Beyond Insanity.
 Shit.
 Yeah, and it's a wild one.
 It's a big step up between these sauces.
 Just fair warning, because I know you're very shoot first,
 ask questions later with the break and the clean rip.
 I'm just looking out for you, Rhonda.
 In your corner on this one.
 Whoa.
 It's going down.
 I immediately felt it in my nose.
 You're a cruel, cruel man.
 It actually burns my stomach and my nose
 and my throat at the same time.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 This is lemon juice, because Gordon Ramsay did it,
 and I was wondering if it worked.
 You saw the Gordon Ramsay episode.
 Woo.
 I don't think it helps.
 Gordon, you failed me.
 I licked my own lips, and it hurt.
 Yeah.
 It was a real tear.
 Rhonda, together, we'll rally through this one.
 Oh, god, dude.
 How would you describe the appeal of World of Warcraft
 to someone who's never played the game?
 Woo.
 Sorry if I'm annoying people by chewing my mouth open,
 but I'm just really trying to get some fucking circulation
 in my mouth.
 I think the Wow has stuff in it that really appeals
 to everybody.
 It's like you can have-- can I have something
 that doesn't have the hot sauce on it,
 so I don't rub it on my face accidentally, please?
 Thanks, dude.
 Thank you.
 But World of Warcraft has story mode.
 It literally blew my nose, and the rest of my nose
 started burning from the inside.
 It's so you can play by yourself solo if you're into RPG stuff.
 It has really great PVP mode.
 But it also has pet battles, which is basically Pokemon
 and turn-based battles.
 And it has a really great community, too.
 Everybody there just wants to help everybody else out.
 A lot of people have been playing for over a decade,
 you know?
 There's a lot of people that are just into it as a lifestyle,
 and they're happy to welcome other people into that lifestyle.
 My tears are burning my face.
 I feel like the hot sauce went in my nose.
 I sniffed it up.
 It went into my tear duct, and it was coming out,
 burning my face.
 [SIGHS]
 Dowsing it.
 Give me that milk.
 Definitely not as hot as the last one,
 but I'm not enjoying myself.
 Right.
 Exactly.
 So outside of your accomplishments in the octagon,
 you've shown yourself to be a natural on screen,
 appearing in a handful of network TV shows
 and major movie franchises like Fast and Furious.
 Can you give me one uniquely meathead quality
 of the expendables set?
 Like when all of those action stars get together,
 is the craft service just lean meats, rice, and protein
 smoothies?
 Oh, there are weights on set.
 They would literally be lifting weights and doing bands
 and curling things between takes.
 It was a cool little boys club to be part of,
 and I quite enjoyed everybody.
 I miss you guys.
 Yeah, I remember we had this thing.
 We had to run up this roof a million times,
 and I was in training camp for the second time
 I beat Misha's ass.
 And I was like, oh, this is awesome.
 I can use this as my sprints for the day.
 And I'm like, every single take, I'm like sprint, sprint,
 going to get my sprints in.
 And they were like, yeah, you need to not
 be all the way over there.
 You need to dial it back like 10 notches.
 Everybody's got to be rushing together to the helicopter.
 The Swords neighbor was really cool about saying,
 get in the chopper for us.
 I got a real huge kick out of that, saying that in person.
 No one wanted to compete with me.
 They were just being really sweet, very mentor-like.
 I learned a lot from everybody, for sure.
 Last dab, Apollo.
 I'm afraid.
 Cheers.
 Cheers, Rhonda.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, Rhonda Rousey, here we are at the final bell
 of our 10-round fight against the Wings of Death.
 And I can think of only one way to properly close
 this thing out.
 In our five years, nearly 200 episodes of doing Hot Ones,
 I don't think that we've ever had a guest with a deeper, more
 profound connection to the Hot Wing.
 There are reports of you eating as many as 50 wings
 as part of a post-fight ritual.
 And I've heard you explain the action of splitting bones
 and comparing it to the carnal nature of a heated, bloody UFC
 fight.
 So now that we're here at the end, the world has to know.
 Why are wings so sentimental to you?
 And pound for pound, what is the greatest chicken wing
 memory of your life?
 This is definitely painful.
 My inside and my nostrils are burning the most,
 which is very surprising to me.
 And dude, poor Trav is going to have
 to deal with the hottest farts in marriage tonight.
 Oh, man.
 When I was in training camp for fights,
 I would always, always crave Hot Wings.
 It just kind of became associated
 with victory and happiness was the post-winning wing.
 I will show you my happiest memory with Hot Wings.
 My friend Eric Williams took this for me.
 This is the best plate of wings I've ever had right here.
 And this was after I beat Betch Coe in Brazil.
 Went total Rocky IV on that shit.
 Dana and Lorenzo, they actually flew down the sauce
 from Agrabah.
 They flew in a chef from Sao Paulo.
 They had these wings all specially made from a chef
 from a different city, from a sauce from a different country.
 It was the best.
 And I always had the happiest memories with Hot Wings.
 So this is definitely going to be another one of those.
 Not the top, but it's up there.
 This is definitely a bucket list item.
 Hey, we are honored to be in the conversation.
 You guys have to hang that priceless piece of artwork
 up in the Louvre.
 And look at you, Ronda Rousey, knocking out
 some of the hottest chicken wings in the history
 of planet Earth.
 Now there's nothing left to do but roll out
 the red carpet for you.
 This camera or that camera or whatever kind of setup
 you guys have going on in that perfect Hot Wings set replica,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 This is like the opposite of a talk show, where you go on
 and you're like, oh, I have this thing to promote.
 We have a million different things in development
 that I actually can't talk about.
 So I have nothing to talk about except for how amazing
 No DMV Productions is, my new production company,
 set up this whole set.
 This is actually my bedroom.
 And the bed is over there for sound absorption.
 And this is a dresser.
 And we are the best, smallest, up and comingest production
 company on the planet.
 I mean, the baddest.
 Why did I miss that opportunity?
 But yeah, check out my channel on YouTube.
 Ronda Rousey, just in it for the sport.
 Salute, my friend.
 Thank you so much for doing this.
 Thank you for having me.
 I'm going to go shit shards my pelvis.
 Thank you.
 I'm going to have to apologize to Mr. Brown.
 He won't be able to eat my ass for a week.
 Marriage.
 Back up your sound bite.
 Bye.
 Hey, what's going on, Hot Ones fans?
 This is Sean Evans, checking in to say thank you so much
 for watching today's video.
 And join me in welcoming the newest
 member of the Hot Ones hot sauce family.
 This is the Last Dab Apollo, the only sauce
 made with the Apollo pepper, the latest and greatest
 from the twisted mind of Smokin' Ed Curry.
 It is the hottest Last Dab we've ever made.
 And the people who will taste it first
 are the subscription box subscribers
 who will get this one in October's box for everyone else,
 probably sometime later in October.
 Heatness.com, Heatness.com to learn more about the Last Dab
 Apollo, moment of silence for the Last Dab XXX,
 but it's OK.
 All new beginnings must come from some other beginning's
 end.
 (upbeat music)
