 The Russell I was is dead. I am now a conglomerate of my former self and this thing. That's intention.
 Hey, what's going on everybody from First We Feast? I'm Sean Evans and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings. And today I'm excited to welcome Russell Brand back to the hot seat.
 He's a comedian, actor and writer. His latest project is the Audible original,
 "Revelation", connecting with the sacred and everyday life which is currently available exclusively with Audible.
 And not to be outdone, he has a YouTube channel as well. Proud to say I'm a longtime subscriber.
 Russell Brand, welcome back to the show.
 Well, I suppose in a sense, I feel very much like Michael Corleone in Godfather Part 3,
 which not as many people watch, but was defined perhaps by the line, "Just when I think I'm out, they pull me back in again."
 And that's how I feel about Hot Ones. I thought that was behind me. I thought I'd conquered every kingdom there was to conquer.
 I feel like I got to the end of it and sung a spontaneous opera.
 But here I am again with this spicy battalion lined up before me.
 And then I'm not sure how much of this story you even know, but you know, in these times,
 we have to send the sauces out to people's homes and your sauces actually got caught up in customs.
 I don't know if that's a byproduct of post-Brexit Britain or what,
 but I had a panicked phone call early in the early morning hours
 and we were actually able to connect with a local hot sauce store who not only provided this substitute lineup,
 but also did so with a bunch of classic Hot Ones labels that are all in their exact spot, including Da Bomb.
 So, Hot Burns in Black in London, thank you for saving today's episode.
 You can rely on the English to step in when there is a little bit of spice required.
 And I'll thank you, Sean, not to politicize this.
 Don't you dare blame Brexit.
 If anything, blame the pandemic, but Brexit, no way.
 Brexit's making things spicier than ever.
 British Spice!
 All right, so for me, it'll be the classic.
 For you, it'll be the Howler Monkey original.
 I see. I've got that.
 Did you see the potential back then?
 Or are you just as shocked as I am that this thing's still going?
 No, I think that it is a testimony to your talent.
 I think that the unsung spice is Sean.
 Wow. Russell.
 Yeah.
 So your new audiobook, Revelation, explores the meaning of life, death, and all the sacred things that connect the beginning to the end.
 And I don't think that it's a coincidence that the people that you hear spreading the spiritual teachings of people like Ram Dass or Muji are comedians like yourself, Pete Holmes and Joe Rogan.
 Is comedy a gateway drug to spirituality?
 Yeah, that's a really good point.
 Maybe it is potentially because comedy requires that you don't take life seriously.
 And that is a sort of a powerful spiritual motif.
 The figure of the trickster recurs throughout different mythologies because the trickster is kind of like an ambivalent deity or messenger.
 Neither not fully good, not fully bad, capable of beauty, capable of stupidity.
 And I suppose like if you're always looking at the world from a different perspective,
 and questioning it and querying it as good comedians do, and I hope that's a category I belong in,
 then eventually you start to see life is a kind of a game.
 And that's like, you know, in the Vedas and in Indian or like, you know, sort of pre-Indian literature, spiritual literature, life is a play.
 It's a game. It's not real.
 It feels so real because the emotions feel so real.
 The hot sauce feels so real on the tongue.
 But what is actually happening in the brain?
 And what is experiencing the heat?
 So like I mentioned in your intro, I'm a disciple of the Russell Brand YouTube channel,
 which started more than eight years ago and has since ballooned to have over 3 million subscribers.
 As someone with interesting thoughts on the intersection of fame, social media, exploitation,
 what were your first thoughts or like your first impression of like YouTuber culture?
 It made me feel that, you know, like every time one of these new technologies emerges and creates his stars,
 I recognize my own place in the culture.
 I recognize the move from Luke Skywalker or Han Solo to much more Obi-Wan territory, hence the attire.
 It's impossible for us to be objective about a figure like Elvis Presley now
 and how much his success was as a result of the success of radio, the emergence of television.
 And of course, we're just seeing versions of this happening again and again.
 I think it's the same thing with tech stuff like, you know, from the journey from Facebook to TikTok.
 Like, you know, I think like Facebook now looks like some old timey saloon bar with one of them pianos playing itself like TikTok straight away.
 Like I looked at it for a bit and I just felt that I was just an elderly decrepit man.
 I took it off my phone immediately. I thought this is there's nothing for me here.
 I'm old. I'm irrelevant. I should never ever look at that again.
 It's like, yeah, just looking through a window and catching my own reflection as a wizened thing.
 When I picked up this, I felt something in my abdomen.
 The Fiji fire, as it coated the tongue, it was like a sort of a sort of a littering of napalm.
 In the early, early days of an ideological war in a foreign territory, we're not fully atomic levels,
 but we're starting to say, you know, this is not going to be a nice war.
 This is not the old days of chivalry and swords.
 So a blind spot in our last interview was your career in standup,
 which in the early days was this antagonistic avant garde stuff.
 And in your memoir, my bookie wookie, you talk about the days of being chased out of comedy clubs by angry mobs.
 What is the most harrowing onstage experience you can ever recall having?
 There's several that come to mind. Up in Scotland, Bonnie Scotland,
 I was making some sort of complex, what would I say, sort of allusions to our joint culpability for,
 you know, say, sort of social anomalies such as murder.
 So if one person's committing a murder, perhaps we were all culturally responsible.
 People didn't like that. It led to a big convo, like because I didn't say it that way.
 I said, you are responsible for child murder, is I think how it came out as words.
 I recognise that what happened to me is when the security came out, they got me in a real naked choke.
 I felt my windpipe closing up and it totally changed my perspective on the situation.
 I went from, yeah, yeah, come on, it's alright, okay, it's over, sorry.
 That very, very quickly.
 So those were the kind of things that happened with increasing regularity.
 And I must say, it expediated the process of me stopping taking crack and heroin
 because I was thinking it was starting to affect my lifestyle.
 I'm beginning to feel sort of like what I would call vaguely psychedelic effects now.
 In 1968, Canadian philosopher Marshall McLuhan said,
 "When you give people too much information, they resort to pattern recognition."
 What, if at all, do you see as the consequences of being overly informed?
 Well, that young man, Seth Abrahamson, talks about that meta-journalism now.
 You know, like that now there are so many sources, so much data,
 that what you require of a journalist is a kind of curating.
 Like, you know, we've pulled together all of these sources, all these surveys, all these interviews,
 and we've created this narrative from it.
 You know, Marshall McLuhan was perhaps his most famous quote in the media.
 The message was sort of made prior to the point where we all had our own private portals
 to sort of relatively bespoke but ultimately controlled media outlets in our hands.
 But all of these various historical narratives in this complex geopolitical era,
 all trying to live together in one person's head,
 when we're evolved to living tribes of 75 to 150 people,
 you know, we live for hundreds of thousands of years as hunter-gatherers
 before agriculture, industrial revolution, technological revolution,
 sort of pinioned us into a life that we're not evolved for.
 This is... we're monkeys, you and I,
 and here we are doing a hot sauce competition,
 thousands of miles away from one another, challenging British customs.
 It can't be right, can it? At the level of the soul, Sean!
 They're becoming thicker at my end.
 I don't know if that's a good thing or not.
 Now that's on my fingers, I'll touch her and I...
 Oh God, I've overdone it, I've overdone it!
 Yeah, be careful.
 I'm like Icarus!
 Be careful, Russell.
 I've gone too close to the sun.
 That's... yeah, that's intense.
 All right, Russell Brand, we have a recurring segment on our show called Explain That Gram,
 where we do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So I'll show you the picture.
 You just tell us the bigger story.
 I've read that you have something like 60,000 bees at your countryside home.
 Yeah, I had for a little while a little bee town.
 Like, you know, I'm a vegan and stuff.
 When I took that thing out, I didn't feel like it was right to take their honey.
 They've worked so hard.
 So I go, so let's just let them get on with it.
 I liked getting on the outfit.
 It's Ghostbusters.
 It's cool.
 It's nice.
 It's nice to feel impervious to bees like that.
 Perhaps there's something analogous to our species here.
 If you leave them alone and just say, crack on you be you bees, they just fucked off.
 But they didn't want freedom.
 They wanted to have a tyrannical overlord going in there stealing their honey.
 And when that process ended, they just upped and left and started their own life somewhere else.
 I've never seen them again.
 They don't call.
 I get nothing from them.
 But I kept that beekeeper suit and thank God I did because there was a wasp attack at my house.
 Wasps were building like nests and stuff and then wasps, they crossed the line.
 They attacked the family, Sean.
 They made it personal.
 It was like Taken or Taken 2 or any Bronson movie you'd care to name.
 I've donned that suit one last time.
 I swore I'd never wear a suit again.
 But even then actually I wore little crocs, you know, backless crocs and the wasps,
 they're clever little motherfuckers.
 They found that naked hill at the back and they attacked that.
 They stings on stings.
 So my favorite bee fact is they need authority.
 My favorite wasp fact is make sure you cover every inch of your body
 because they're very sensitive and alert to what's what.
 Here you are on the set of Ballers with Dwayne Johnson.
 How much of your alpha male showdowns on that show were improvised?
 And if so, are there any highlights that stand out to you?
 If you're going to really take your alpha male showdowns to a place where they're likely to be challenged,
 why not have one against Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, the world's biggest, most handsome and successful man.
 And if you want to really give it an edge, how about this?
 On day two of filming, mate, the director, Julian Farino, he goes,
 "You're really great today. We thought tomorrow for that scene on the beach,
 wouldn't it be funny if you took off all your clothes and walk naked into the sea?"
 I told Dwayne Johnson, who's a producer on that show,
 I was a bit nervous about walking naked to the beach
 and he got the crew and background artists to create a human corridor down the beach
 because there's paparazzi there for The Rock, not for me, you know,
 like a human corridor of people for me to walk down the beach.
 And during that moment, there's no real acting required to walk in the nude to a beach.
 So I just used that time to think about the absurdity of reality,
 to think if this is real, then what is a dream?
 If this is real, how does the world make sense?
 I'm walking down a beach with my hopefully not dimpled arsehole,
 Gary Busey's over there, The Rock's over there.
 This is actually real and it's happening in infinite space
 and there are neutrinos rushing through our bodies right now,
 undetectable unless you go into labs at the Earth's core.
 What the hell is reality?
 What is it?
 I'm hearing my own rants and they're getting crazier.
 Do you ever have, you know, there's the oral impact,
 but what about the gastric and even colonic impact down the line?
 Is that something you can speak to us on?
 You know, like the body adjusts.
 So at this point I'm immune, for you it might be another story.
 Thankfully the cameras will have left for that aspect of the story.
 A man hunched in shame.
 The British broadsheets always used to work people into a frenzy
 about how dictionaries were losing words like marzipan and abbey
 for words like blog and chat room.
 As someone who seems to enjoy deploying the full breadth of the Queen's English,
 what do you think when you see or hear stories like that?
 That's the point of it, to evolve and grow.
 Only the things that there are words for are being said.
 So the more effective language becomes,
 and I'm only speaking of the English language because it's the only one I know,
 the better I like it.
 And I think that language can be co-opted, colonized and used to
 exclude certain people from particular cultural conversations.
 So I think that language must be democratized.
 And even though I like sort of old Greek, Latin derived words, I love slang.
 There are people that speak dialects in your country
 that I think are just so beautiful to hear.
 And in my country, like slang based dialects are sort of joyful.
 Like I spoke to some real 20 year olds at some sort of kind of school for
 school for the naughty.
 And like, I just felt like, wow,
 I felt like I was shouting down a tunnel made of years, you know, like,
 and even the words I was using that I thought were cool for them,
 I might as well have been saying,
 oh, I've got a lovely penny-farthing bicycle outside.
 Yeah, this, if I wind up my wristwatch, here, hear that tick.
 You know what I mean? Like I felt like I was Gandalf.
 A disclaimer, if I may say, it says may cause anal leakage.
 It says it's gluten-free.
 Oh, thanks. But my anus is leaking.
 I'm not worried about allergies if I can't control my colon.
 This looks like some serious stuff, I must confess.
 Working our way up.
 What was your favorite decorative accent or piece of wall art from Nicholas Cage's house?
 You write about living there for a while when you guys were filming Army of One.
 Oh man, like, I mean, I don't want to betray Nicholas Cage's privacy because I did a movie with him called Army of One, as you've tagged.
 Don't worry, no one did.
 And like, when I, he was such a lovely guy, Nicholas Cage, and he was directed by Larry Charles, who's also like an amazing dude.
 So I was hanging out in Morocco with these two, like, amazing men.
 Then Nicholas Cage, during that goes, do you, like, want to stay at my house?
 And I went, oh my God, I'd love to.
 There was some incredible artifacts in there, some incredible, mysterious pieces of,
 I suppose, perhaps you wouldn't mind me saying that there was a stained glass window that looks like,
 a bit like King Arthur, but also a bit like Nicholas Cage.
 And I didn't ever tell him this at the time, but I did watch a lot of Nicholas Cage movies while I was in his house.
 I watched like Con Air, Adaptation.
 I went on a real Nick Cage journey there, and I must say, like, he was a really cool, generous, lovely person.
 I really overstayed my welcome in that house. I was there for six months.
 I mean, at the end of it, people were saying, could you please get out now?
 This isn't your house.
 Now, what I think is interesting is, like, you know, I feel like I've got that, you know, sort of Stockholm syndrome now,
 but this has become such a particular experience for me doing this,
 is that I can't imagine going back to my life, even though it's only over there.
 You know, like, this is my reality now.
 I do feel connected.
 This one's crazy.
 Yeah.
 I can feel it trying to get into my nervous system.
 Yeah, this one really becomes a part of you.
 The Russell I was is dead.
 I'm now a conglomerate of my former self and this thing.
 That's intense shit.
 I understand that as a process, in the process of death,
 it's intense shit. I understand that as a process, in the process of changing your lifestyle,
 moving to the countryside, one of the things that you did was change your phone number.
 Is there one person who you'd be most upset to learn has been trying to call you but can't?
 Hold on a minute, because I'm dealing with some more of this discomfort.
 And there's still two more kingdoms to visit.
 We have two more kingdoms to go check out.
 That water has a flavor now.
 It's like I can feel the individual molecules in it.
 The body's not real, Sean. It's an illusion.
 Who? Who? Who?
 I'd be worried if I'd found out that I'd somehow lost the opportunity to speak to Jesus.
 That would trouble me, but I feel like he would find a way.
 It's suffering.
 Like if this was actual food now,
 like if this wasn't framed as, hey, we're doing this thing where we deliberately eat hot sauces
 in a kind of gentle test of our machismo,
 I would be saying that shouldn't be classified as food. That should be classified as a weapon.
 I agree with you 100%. Are you ready to move on here?
 I don't like the look of that Medusa.
 What's happened is the time has concertinated because my anecdotes about Hieron Gracie and Nick Cage were so long,
 and now I'm just being carpet bombed.
 I just did a burp and it disturbed a bit that must have been in the spongy tissue on the top of my tongue.
 You gotta be careful.
 I'm trying to allow it to go dormant.
 What if some of the mix, it could actually be like destabilizing, like uranium or something.
 Yeah, fuck man.
 Why are you breathing like that?
 I have to cope the same way.
 Right.
 I'm scared of this because this is like,
 this is like, I mean, shooting yourself in a bullet hole.
 [Laughs]
 But we're almost to the end.
 We're almost to the end.
 I'm trying to find new bits of my mouth that aren't damaged, you know?
 So a lot of children's classics from Dr. Seuss to Roald Dahl come under scrutiny for various reasons.
 Have you had any takeaways from the children's books that you've read to your kids?
 It's difficult when sort of your personal history, which you might regard sentimentally as positive,
 is sort of latterly redefined as negative from a broader or different cultural perspective.
 But I, um,
 you know, I've not read anything and thought, hang on a minute, that's not right.
 But we're pretty conscientious about what we introduce them to.
 When I improvise most of the stories anyway, and I really try to make sure there's a lot of strong pan-cultural,
 positive, feminist messaging going into those stories as best as I can.
 I mean, I think I could come up with something magnificent at the moment, but it's not something I would commit to camera.
 There's no last dab in the UK, so this is actually sourced from Scotland.
 So it's called the Singularity Sauce Company Reapers and Mangoes Hot Sauce.
 Why have they packaged it in such an inoffensive way?
 I mean, look, the others have got Medusas on it, skulls, that looks like it could be the interior of a doll's house.
 This could be a Teletubbies Day Spa.
 But you're assuring me that it's a vindictive condiment.
 Oh shit, I've tipped too much, it's runnier than its predecessors.
 Russell.
 Cheers mate.
 To Her Majesty, the Queen of England.
 To the Queen.
 To the Queen.
 Yeah, he's making his way to the nose hole.
 Russell Brand, here we are at the conclusion of our oral jihad.
 And I'm not sure if you recall, but you closed out the show last time with an impromptu freestyle tribute song to Hot Ones superfan, Brett Baker.
 And it's a moment that's lived in lore for Day One Hot Ones fans.
 For me personally, a top five moment in the history of the show.
 And I know for Brett Baker, our little list maker, it was a life changing event.
 So now that you're back on the show, I want to introduce you guys face to face.
 Can we bring in Brett Baker?
 Oh wow.
 Hello boys.
 Brett.
 Russell.
 Hello Brett.
 Brett.
 Brett, how I've rehearsed this moment in my dreams.
 How beautiful it is.
 Well that makes two of us.
 It is my dearest wish that when I pass from this mortal coil, you and I are blended into one source.
 My dying wish is that Sean samples us, dips a few hot wings.
 And he can use any part of our anatomy as the dipping cup.
 I don't mind.
 It doesn't have to be bad taste.
 But that I think is our shared destiny to become a source together.
 Well, hey, look, I want to go back to four years ago when you perhaps unknowingly changed my life forever with a 90 second impromptu song.
 An ode to me, a plea to be on top of the leader table, which you were for a number of months because, well, let's face it, I can be bribed by attention and adulation.
 But you did that in a pretty intimate set with no music whatsoever off the top of your head, not knowing who Brett Baker was when you walked into that room.
 Where for you does that kind of ability to channel that emotion or that energy, where does that come from?
 Or do you even understand kind of like maybe where that comes from or does it just let loose and go?
 Brett Baker.
 Who understands these songs I make now that Sean's become a Dalai Lama just in Timberlake?
 And as I see you there in front of your trophies and NFL sweet hats.
 What a lovely couple of cool bald cats.
 Your tongues are hot and your bodies are better.
 You're making my bum cool, my willies getting wetter.
 Oh, Brett Baker, I'd love to take you on a journey back to Albany, Albion, Arcadia, England.
 Though hear my song, Brett Baker, can love ever be wrong?
 Oh, make us hot, make us hot, make us hot on our tongues, make us old, make us die, make us feel really young.
 If life is just a circle, if we are just jerks, then let's make it work.
 I mean, you know, Brett, it's I don't know where it's come from and I don't know where it's going.
 Extremely pure gentlemen, such a wholesome moment.
 Another one of my favorites and it's happening in real time.
 You just have to absorb it. You just have to feel it.
 You just have to know it. And look at you, Russell Brand, for the second time, taking on the wings of death and coming out victorious.
 Now, my friend, there's nothing left to do but roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera, that camera, probably just the one you're looking at.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 Oh, yes, my Audible original and that's what we call it.
 Revelation is available only on Audible.
 My podcast Under the Skin is available on Luminary.
 My YouTube channel, as beloved Sean has mentioned, is available on YouTube.
 Please involve yourself, engage yourself with that content.
 Some of it's free. I try and keep it free as much as I can.
 But sometimes I need money for lifestyle reasons and sometimes for oral surgery, which I'm going to have now.
 Good job, Russell. Good job.
 But Russell, I just want to say from the bottom of my heart, thank you very much, because you'll never know really how much you have blessed me with that 90 seconds.
 Four years ago, it's been tremendous and I owe you a lot.
 Thank you. You're a really, really sweet man.
 I've got nothing but love for you, mate.
 Thank you very much for saying that.
 Thank you for your sincerity.
 I appreciate it.
 Bread, bacon.
 Hot Ones fans, Sean Evans checking in to say thank you so much for watching today's video.
 And would you look at that?
 One of the chili world's heavyweights is back.
 Hot Ones, the last dab Carolina Reaper edition will be in the April Hot Ones subscription box.
 Heatness.com, Heatness.com, Heatness.com to sign up.
 And for more information, Hot Ones, the last dab Carolina Reaper edition.
 Get it while it's hot.
 Get it while it's hot.
 [music]
