 (dramatic music)
 (laughing)
 - That's good. - This is the show.
 This is the show.
 - That is, oh shoot.
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Steph Curry.
 He's the greatest shooter in NBA history,
 a four-time NBA champion with a pair of MVPs
 and nine all-star game appearances to his name.
 But it all had to start somewhere
 and you can see his journey from Overlook Prospect
 to NBA legend in the new documentary Underrated,
 which is now available on Apple TV+.
 Steph Curry, welcome to the show.
 - Thank you for having me, Sean, appreciate it, man.
 - How are you around spicy food before we get started?
 - Uh, so growing up I didn't want anything
 to do with spicy food.
 And then when me and Aisha got married,
 she's got the Jamaican heritage
 and a lot of that cuisine has to do with the spice.
 So I learned pretty quickly.
 So now I'm pretty comfortable with it,
 but I don't want to talk myself up knowing what's going on.
 What's going on here.
 I'm ready to get started.
 What we got?
 Okay.
 All right.
 That's solid.
 - There we go.
 - That's solid.
 That's pretty good, man.
 - Finger lickin'.
 - That is phenomenal.
 - So Underrated, which is phenomenal by the way,
 details your genesis as a three-star recruit
 dismissed by the juggernaut colleges,
 called too small and according to one
 '09 NBA draft scouting report,
 will never be a star in the league
 because of a lack of explosiveness.
 How do you think things would have been different
 if you would have ended up at Virginia Tech or Duke?
 Like, do you think you'd be where you are right now?
 - It's a great question.
 'Cause I don't think so because it's, you know,
 the brand of basketball that I play now
 was predicated on a system that
 Davis and College Bob McKillop mastered.
 And the only reason I think I'm successful at it
 is 'cause I got to learn with reps.
 So having gone to Tech or Duke or whatever,
 maybe I would like ride the bench my freshman year
 and I'll get that experience.
 I don't know if I'd be the same player.
 So it's kind of a message of go,
 go where the best fit is for you.
 As much as you might want to have the pedigree
 or the resume to say, I played in the ACC,
 I played in a power conference.
 That's all cool.
 But, you know, myself, you know, Damian Lillard,
 John Morant guys who went to mid-major colleges,
 they'll find you wherever you're at.
 And so that's kind of the, I didn't,
 I had faith in the time,
 I didn't know how it would plan out,
 but yeah, I wouldn't change that experience for anything.
 So I'd rather play than just sit on the bench
 and say I got a, I got a, you know,
 power conference school on my chest.
 I already like it.
 This is probably going to be my favorite one.
 This is good.
 You know what time it is.
 - Going in.
 - Mm-hmm.
 - Mm.
 - Little Thai green curry hot sauce.
 - Does the name proud?
 - Oh, absolutely.
 I like the flavor though.
 - There we go.
 - It's really solid.
 I'm really, I'm getting too ahead of myself.
 (laughing)
 - It's all right.
 You can be proud of yourself.
 - I am.
 - You can be proud of yourself.
 - I like the flavor too.
 The spice is one thing, but the flavor is pretty solid.
 - So I want to congratulate you
 on an amazing weekend of golf,
 winning the American Century Championship,
 an eagle on 18, a hole in one earlier in the weekend.
 What is hitting a hole in one like for you?
 Like, is it like hitting a shot from 75 feet on the court
 or is it a uniquely singular sport experience?
 - Uniquely singular experience,
 just because when I shoot a 75 footer or whatever, a heave,
 I've probably made that shot before,
 or if it's in practice or maybe in a game before.
 And honestly, I expect to make it versus a hole in one.
 Even if you hit a shot and it's right on line,
 like the odds of it going in are slim to none.
 So when it goes in, that's when I lost my mind.
 I started sprinting 150 yards down the hole to celebrate.
 I basically blacked out.
 I mean, if I act like that when I make a 75 footer,
 unless it's to win the NBA finals,
 then you'll celebrate, but it's kind of like,
 "Ah, I meant to do that,"
 versus a hole in one that's different, different.
 Dusty lemon pepper.
 I like lemon pepper.
 I'm trying to chew.
 You freaking chew fast as hell.
 Well, when you're the host in this whole thing,
 you have to think about the timing.
 I'm trying to keep up with your rate.
 No, no, no.
 See, 'cause I tried to get it down first
 'cause I got a question, you know what I mean?
 I try to, you know, I try to load.
 I feel you, I feel you.
 It's a timing game over here too, you know?
 You mastered this craft for sure, for sure.
 So NBA Jam popularized the concept of being on fire,
 all right, but there was an influential study
 in the 1985 edition of Cognitive Psychology
 that said that hot hand theory or streak shooting is a myth.
 As the NBA's all-time leading three-point shooter,
 what's your take on that whole thing?
 Like, does being on fire feel real to you?
 Oh, absolutely.
 There are times I catch the ball
 and you've maybe made one or two in a row,
 and this is in practice or a game, whatever the case is,
 but mostly in the game, like,
 everything else does not exist.
 The only thing that exists is,
 as long as I can get this shot off
 and it's not gonna get blocked,
 the rim feels like the ocean.
 And it's one of the most rewarding feelings for us
 and, you know, myself and other great shooters.
 Like, that's all you work for,
 is the muscle memory and the mechanics
 that develops that confidence
 so that when you're in a game,
 like, you're not surprised you're in those moments,
 but when it happens, it's like,
 yeah, this is what I've been waiting for.
 It's like a psychological or physical phenomenon
 that you can feel.
 Like, this study, they don't know what they're talking about.
 - They don't know what they're talking about at all,
 unless you've been in that 94 feet and you know, like,
 you've seen Klay Thompson score, whatever,
 37 and a quarter, you know, 60 and three quarters.
 You know, when I had 60 in one game,
 that's literally the tangible, physical sensation of,
 all I need to do is just get this ball off my fingertips
 and it's gonna go in.
 'Cause you also know the opposite of that
 when you can't hit the broad side of a barn
 and everything feels good, but the results aren't there.
 So that balance of like, where you are on that spectrum
 is like the ultimate game within the game.
 I don't like anything that has de fuego in the title.
 Oops.
 - As hot sauces get hotter,
 the labels turn into like warrants.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, with no liabilities on it right there.
 All right, now we're talking.
 - In your opinion, what is the NBA team's staff role
 that's most important to keeping the machine moving,
 but doesn't get enough of the credit?
 - We have a guy named Rick Celebreni.
 Shout out to Rick who is in this crazy,
 I know Rick and we've formed a great relationship
 and I don't even know what his title actually is.
 He's like the go-to on injury management,
 injury prevention, like all of those things that,
 you know, allow our bodies and our minds
 to be sharp for peak performance.
 We've had a couple of run-ins at times
 because I want to be a lot more aggressive
 on like when I get to our labor
 in my shoulder or ankle sprains and all that,
 like I'm thinking about the shortest time
 possible for me to get back on the court.
 - He's more realistic.
 - He's more realistic and more player friendly
 in terms of being on the conservative side of like,
 let's take all the variables into play.
 Let's make sure we're talking about longevity
 and not just the here and now.
 That's why you see guys playing, you know, a lot longer.
 I know there's a slowed management conversation
 and a lot of that falls from the narrative perspective
 on the players, like we don't want to play 82 games.
 That's not it.
 It's, you know, there's smart, professional,
 well-studied individuals that understand
 how to prepare athletes to play,
 not just now, but for years and years and years and years
 and performing at a very high level.
 And that's why I'm going into my 15th year,
 I feel as fresh as I've ever been.
 So shout out to Rick.
 (laughing)
 Shout out to Rick.
 (gentle music)
 Los Calientes Rojo.
 My lips are burning.
 I just want to let you know that.
 That's what's going to happen.
 Keep me updated.
 Keep me updated as we go.
 Yeah.
 I don't know if like acknowledging the heat
 is a good or bad thing.
 Right, yeah.
 You want to block it out or you want to just say,
 "Ah, I'm here."
 I think you basket it, you know?
 That's what I think you do.
 Oh yeah, yeah.
 My lips are on fire.
 Yeah, speaking of the uniquely singular experiences,
 you know, like hot ones, just like that, you know?
 While you're here, might as well soak it in.
 Absolutely.
 So you're a self-described popcorn addict.
 I am.
 And in 2019, the New York Times published
 your power rankings of NBA popcorn throughout the NBA,
 throughout the entire league,
 and you rate it all on a proprietary
 one to five scoring system of freshness, saltiness,
 crunchiness, butter, and presentation.
 How would you articulate the difference
 between your top-rated popcorn,
 the kind that they serve at Dallas Mavericks games,
 and then the lowest-rated popcorn
 that they serve at Clippers and Lakers games?
 Basically, you got presentation,
 like I want it to, you know, it should lock on your eyes.
 The butter-to-salt ratio,
 we're talking about, very important.
 Like, I'm a traditional, I don't need none of the bells
 and whistles, just make it, you know,
 good and nice and buttery and salty.
 The crispiness, right?
 It can't be, like, too mushy, you know?
 It has to have, like, a nice little crispiness to it,
 a little texture in the mouth.
 So that was my ranking system.
 I went through every arena,
 gave them, like, a one through five on each of those,
 added them up,
 and it was kind of exactly what I expected
 in terms of, you know, the arenas that I know were,
 I look forward to playing in those arenas,
 not just 'cause the environment,
 because of the popcorn.
 Popcorn's on point.
 Absolutely.
 But I'm not lying, when that came out the next year,
 everybody dialed the game up.
 It was impressive, so I want every NBA player
 to thank me for, you know, the popcorn
 that's going around the league right now.
 You deserve it.
 Absolutely, absolutely.
 All right, are you ready to move on second half here?
 All right.
 Kicking things off.
 I'm a third quarter player, so this is the,
 you gotta get through this.
 Just gotta get through this.
 All right, where we at?
 The spicy shark here.
 The spicy shark.
 Ooh, this.
 Man, kind of sweet up front, and then--
 And then it's coming in.
 I was confused, I thought I grabbed the wrong wing
 at first, but--
 No, no, you grabbed the right one.
 I did not.
 I did not.
 Yeah.
 I'm right there with you.
 I'm right there with you.
 Keep going.
 I just got, I'm starting to sweat now.
 That's what's gonna happen.
 It's gonna be like you're at the free throw line
 in the third quarter here as we go on, you know?
 Ooh, all right.
 Given your unique insight as a child of a '90s pro,
 I am curious, when you and your dad talk about
 like his NBA versus your NBA,
 what are the things that you guys end up talking about?
 I mean, the physicality is always the one thing
 that everybody talks about,
 like all the heartfelt they had back in the day.
 It was just real, and the league's adapted appropriately.
 But just the overall spacing, right?
 Like when you watch games back in the day in the '90s,
 at all times, it looked like there was at least nine people
 inside the three-point line,
 usually five to six people in the paint,
 and just the different Xs and Os,
 and floor spacing, and play calls that they did.
 He told a story today about a game-winning shot
 that he had in Madison Square Garden.
 The way he described the play,
 he's like somebody double-teamed the post
 and kicked it out to him on the strong side corner.
 I'm like, that hasn't happened in like 12 years in the NBA.
 I don't remember the last time you had a double-team
 to a strong side kick out for a butt-naked open,
 and you know, game-winning three in Madison Square Garden.
 So it wasn't just the game-winning shot,
 it was just like how it happened.
 And he said it so casually, like,
 "Oh yeah, that was a good defensive read."
 It's like that's not everybody's fanning out to the 3.9.
 They'd rather you try to shoot a shot in the paint,
 and you know, for a game-winner instead.
 So game has changed drastically, obviously.
 I feel like I've had a lot to do with that,
 but those are probably the main call-outs
 he likes to talk about, and the contracts.
 (laughing)
 Jalapeno Chico here.
 I swear to you, when you said the name.
 All right, I'm trying to do what you just said.
 I'm trying to acknowledge what's happening right now.
 I'm basking it.
 It's okay.
 It's gonna be all right.
 I'm not the only one, come on.
 I'm competitive as hell, I really want--
 And you know, not to lead the witness,
 but we've never had an NBA player tap out.
 No, I'm not.
 It won't be today, however you like to wheel me out of here.
 Come on.
 So I've heard you credit Clay Thompson's shooting form
 as being more pure from a textbook standpoint than yours.
 Can you explain what you mean by that?
 'Cause from sitting on the couch,
 they both look pretty good to me.
 How would I explain it?
 I'd say his is more repeatable for the average person.
 What I mean by that, it's more kind of uniform
 from the ground up.
 So for all the hoop heads, you know, like you get your,
 you get your, I'm losing, you get your balance
 from your feet and your power from the base
 and you work your way up from there.
 Like you can't really get your consistency
 and repeatability by trying to throw it
 and sling it with your hands and your arms and your wrist.
 So he has like the most stacked kind of form.
 Like everything's in line.
 All of his angles are right.
 And like if I was gonna take somebody
 who's never shot a ball before and put a ball in your hand,
 I would put you in Clay Thompson's positions.
 'Cause like everybody shoots differently.
 Like all the greatest shooters in the league,
 we all have different releases and different forms.
 But Clay's is the one that if you just took a snapshot,
 it's just right here.
 It's just extreme.
 It's pretty.
 I call it the prettiest jump shot I've ever seen.
 And then if you were giving advice on how to shoot,
 what movements and idiosyncrasies in someone's mechanics,
 which ones are adaptable with enough practice
 and then which ones are fatal, I've done wrong.
 - The getting really technical, the angle of your elbow.
 'Cause it's really hard to, if you're able,
 if you have like, we call it the chicken wing or the,
 I don't know what, you rarely see this one,
 but there have been some that kind of come up through here
 and then bring it back out.
 But this is the one you see the most.
 The chicken wing is deadly just because
 it's hard to create the same arc with it and the same power.
 You can get everything from here,
 but as soon as you get here, you lose it.
 As long as your elbow's kind of
 as close to 90 degrees as possible,
 I'm much more confident in somebody being able
 to repeat that, 'cause that's the one I hate to see.
 It's like the deadliest sin in basketball shooting,
 the chicken wing.
 - The chicken wing, on topic.
 - Yes.
 - This next chicken wing.
 Speaking of lethal chicken wings.
 - So this is the one that like--
 - It's reputation precedes it, yeah.
 - This is the popcorn thing, like presentation.
 You came and look at, your eye goes right here first.
 (laughing)
 Talk to me.
 All right, here we go.
 The bomb.
 - Beyond insanity.
 - There we go.
 Whoa.
 - Yeah, immediately.
 (coughing)
 - Oh, right.
 I didn't even get that thing in my,
 back on my teeth and then it hit me.
 Oh man, I'm for real sweating now.
 - Yeah.
 - Like for real sweating.
 - All right, and then just be careful around the eyes.
 - I got it, I ain't doing that.
 - I'm going backhand on you.
 - That's smart.
 (exhaling)
 - All right.
 - Do you remember the first time--
 (laughing)
 - That's good.
 - This is the show, this is the show.
 - That is, oh shoot.
 But why is it just sitting on my tongue?
 Like right, it's right on the front.
 - And keeps growing, it keeps growing on you.
 Like the worst is never over.
 - All right, keep going.
 - Do you remember the first time
 that you ever pulled up from 40 feet in a game?
 Like how old were you and do you remember
 what your coach's reaction was?
 - Oh my God.
 That is insane.
 - I know, I almost have to apologize.
 - And you willingly do this every day.
 No, you get paid for it, I know.
 - Yeah, yeah, you know willingly.
 - And you're passionate about your job.
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 - Oh my God.
 I did it in high school and I know I missed.
 And thankfully my dad was on the sidelines
 and he was the assistant coach and my head coach
 couldn't really overstep in my chest.
 That was me in the middle of the game.
 But I definitely got an earful
 when I got in the car on the way home.
 You're trying to get through this freaking sauce.
 That is ridiculous.
 - I get it, I get it.
 - It doesn't get any better.
 - No, it only gets worse.
 It only gets worse, I know, I know, I know.
 You know, during my middle school era,
 kids in games would try that like Alan Iverson
 spin crossover a lot.
 Usually to disastrous results.
 Do you remember like the player that you would emulate
 when you were that age?
 Like so many kids now it's like you for them.
 Like who was your model?
 - The model was Steve Nash and Reggie Miller.
 I see this tear dropping out of my left eye.
 - It's very dramatic.
 - I get real emotional when I'm talking about
 these two legends that were such great influences on my game.
 Reggie, because he was a master at creating space
 without the ball, find a way to get separation
 and go out and get a pass and quick release.
 I never could emulate his form
 'cause he'd do like this when he shoot.
 You never teach that, but the movement out the ball.
 So I tried to blend those two guys together.
 But then the funniest, me and my brother,
 there's a guy, Alonzo Morning,
 he had like this really methodical free throw routine
 that me and my brother would really emulate.
 And we did it, you know, when we were playing at U,
 he'd have his wristband and he'd do like a methodical,
 like wipe it off the sweat.
 Like he'd get locked in and then he'd do another little bounce
 and another little bounce and he'd do it again.
 And then he'd shoot the free throw.
 So we always, I don't know why,
 we just love that iconic free throw routine.
 'Cause it was very big man of him.
 Like we were little guards
 and it was like kind of out of pocket for us.
 But yeah, that was a roundabout way of saying
 Steve Nash and Reggie Miller were my guys.
 - With a little splash of Alonzo Morning.
 - A little splash of Bigfella.
 - How are we doing?
 - Fantastic.
 Freaking fantastic.
 (dramatic music)
 Let's do it.
 I need a sweatband for that.
 - Yeah, you need the morning routine.
 - Deep breaths.
 Oh my goodness, man.
 - Fourth quarter, fourth quarter.
 - I just wanna know, I'm winning a real,
 real significant bet in my family right now.
 - Oh, you are?
 They didn't think you'd make it through.
 - No, they had no faith in me.
 - Underrated.
 - I'm almost there.
 - Underrated.
 - Underrated.
 (laughing)
 - Come on, told you I'm competitive.
 Come on, bring it.
 - How much did it mean to you that Kobe picked up
 on your babyface assassin nickname?
 You know, it seems like he saw the killer instinct
 in you before a lot of others.
 - That is one of my favorite memories
 and compliments I've ever gotten in my life
 because it was like two or three different
 kind of interactions there.
 One, I didn't even know about till way after the fact.
 It was my rookie year and we were playing the Lakers at home
 and he's on the bench.
 I think we're getting beat at the time,
 but I come down the court and I do like this
 little pump fake situation, hit a leaner off the glass.
 And as I run down the court, the camera
 locks in on him for some reason.
 And he like points to or leans to the guy
 sitting next to him and his teammates.
 And kind of mouths like, yo, he's nice.
 I'm like, that's the dopest thing in the world.
 Kobe's validating your game.
 And he's just seeing you play like for real
 for the first time and that's just freaking amazing.
 And the second time we were playing at a pre-season game,
 he's doing that mom mentality thing
 where he's picking me up full court
 in a pre-season game in the first quarter.
 I'm like, you turn around and he's like this,
 like standing there and like doing defensive slides,
 like standing in front of me, like,
 yo, what is happening right now?
 This is freaking Kobe Bryant.
 So he stays with me for like four or five slides
 and then he bumps me and I kind of like fall off balance.
 So I'm actually gassed at this point.
 I'm tired.
 It's trying to get into shape in a pre-season game
 and he's just going, you know,
 all out on the defensive pressure
 and he's like way bigger, way stronger than me.
 He's bumping me and doing all that.
 So after I fall, I got no option.
 I'm like, I'm just going to shoot it and live with it.
 And I shot it from probably 30 feet and I made it.
 And then I act like nothing happened.
 So it was like the biggest,
 keep your cool kind of moment in your life.
 Cause you know, it's freaking Kobe
 and you're trying to be super chill about it,
 but I just, you know, drain one from 30 on it
 after he picked me up
 and he gave me like the little ass tap on the way back.
 And I couldn't even acknowledge that either.
 I kind of just like knocked him off
 and like act like I was playing on defense.
 I went right back in at halftime.
 I was like, I need that clip.
 Like bring me that back.
 I got to save that on my phone.
 And the third time is what you're referring to
 in terms of him kind of breaking down the killer instinct.
 And I just hide it behind the smile.
 Like there's a guy's like, like he was,
 I had like the scowl and the game face
 and like the killer mentality.
 He didn't have to say anything.
 You could see it.
 Like he's like the joy that I play with
 and the smile that I have, you get deceived
 by just the killer instinct that I had underneath
 and the competitive spirit that I had.
 For somebody to validate you like that,
 especially he's not giving out compliments like that.
 - No, no.
 - That was, that was truly special for sure.
 I'm doing what you do brother, come on.
 (laughing)
 I want you to bump it.
 Oh shoot.
 All right, whatever.
 I'm showing out today.
 - Yeah, for real.
 - Come on.
 - Salute brother.
 - Hey, what a run.
 - Absolutely.
 Look at us, right?
 - Hey, who would have thought?
 - Who would have thought?
 (laughing)
 Oh man.
 - I know, I know.
 But it's all over.
 Wings of death are behind us.
 And you know, when I was watching the documentary.
 (coughing)
 When I was watching the documentary
 and reliving all these moments, you know,
 they're so indelible to us sports fans,
 but I couldn't help but to think
 what it must have been like for you to experience them.
 So with your brain on fire, your mouth ablaze,
 what I want to do is bounce a few moments
 from the dock off of you, some career highlights.
 And you just tell me the first couple of things
 that come to mind when you think about that night.
 - Okay.
 - Turning the ball over 13 times
 in your college debut against Eastern Michigan.
 - Oh, I can't wait for everybody to see this.
 'Cause when I saw the clip,
 like you have a memory of how bad it was in your head.
 Then you imagine a hundred times worse when you see it.
 So I literally look like a baby giraffe out there.
 Like I couldn't even stay on my feet.
 I could not, from me to you right here,
 I could not throw a pass this way.
 And the way that it's edited,
 it's all 13 turnovers literally in a row.
 And just, you see everybody's expression.
 My teammates like, "Yo, what the hell is happening right now?"
 Coach McKillop, you can see his wheels are turning.
 Like we just gave a scholarship to this kid.
 Like what are we gonna, we're stuck for four years.
 - Coming back down 17 to beat Georgetown
 in the NCAA tournament.
 - Unbelievable.
 The highlight of the run, we won the next game,
 but that, like getting out of that first round
 and then going to the second round
 and beating a team like that, no.
 We're already overmatched in terms of the seeding,
 but we were already down 17.
 So you're gonna have unbelievable comeback for sure.
 - Breaking the all-time three record
 with Ray Allen and Reggie Miller in attendance.
 - To do it in the garden, to do it with those two guys,
 I watched when Ray broke Reggie's record
 and Reggie was on the call.
 So I remember, that is kicking in right now.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - I remember that moment it was in Boston
 and they waited for a timeout and he came over
 and he hugged his mom, he went over and hugged Reggie.
 So I was kind of just imagining
 what that would be like with me.
 And it over-delivered.
 So that's a special moment I got to give the game ball
 to my dad who was sitting courtside too.
 - A proud moment and you know what?
 I think you're only going to add to the resume today.
 Taking on the wings of death, living to tell the tale.
 And now there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the carpet for you, Steph Curry.
 This camera, this camera, this camera,
 let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Hey, make sure you check out the underrated documentary,
 Steph and Curry Underrated,
 coming out Apple TV plus July 21st,
 or whenever you can get to your TVs
 and get these sauces with it.
 My eyes are freaking watering.
 These went away before you get to the next wing.
 Here it stayed and then this one is just,
 that's a different level.
 - But you know, true to form, you didn't stop.
 You didn't slow down your bites, big dab at the end,
 you know, as much as you were challenged,
 you never took your foot off.
 - Can't do it. - Yeah, Steph.
 - Can't do it. - True to form.
 - Can't do it. - True to form.
 - Oh my God.
 (laughing)
 - Thank you so much for watching today's video.
 I have a very exciting new product alert.
 Last year, Hot Ones brought the heat to the freezer aisle
 with our first ever Hot Ones boneless chicken bites.
 Well now, we are bringing even more heat to the freezer aisle
 with our brand new Hot Ones chicken strips
 made with our first ever seasoned blend.
 Two boldly seasoned varieties.
 You have the spicy garlic featuring the classic
 garlic Fresno with mild heat and garlic blasted goodness
 and smoky habanero with the tropical medium spice
 of our Los Calientes Rojo.
 We took the sauces that you know and love
 and with a little kitchen magic,
 turned it into the perfect seasoned blend
 that go great on our new Hot Ones chicken strips.
 To find Hot Ones chicken strips near you,
 visit hotoneschallenge.com.
 That's hotoneschallenge.com.
 Snack 'em, dip 'em, make 'em the perfect party platter.
 (upbeat music)
 (gentle music)
 You
