 Oh, oh my God.
 Oh, my.
 Is it worse than you remember it?
 Yeah.
 Hey, what's going on, everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we welcome him back to the hot seat.
 It's T-Pain.
 He's a bonafide hitmaker, two-time Grammy award winner, and has close to 50
 Billboard charting bops to his name.
 His latest single is "Get Up" and today he's back for another go round
 with the wings of death.
 T-Pain, welcome back to Hot Ones.
 What's happening, brother?
 How are you?
 I'm doing good.
 If I recall correctly, last time around, you coated your stomach with
 milk to help fight the spice.
 Are you doing anything creative this time around?
 I am doing something creative this time.
 I have my milk on deck, but I also have, and this is the scientific fact right
 here, that this is going to help.
 I also have a slightly chilled tequila.
 So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to pre-mess up my stomach and then
 the wings should have zero effects.
 There we go.
 Let's do it.
 Oh, the classic.
 Oh, oh God.
 Okay.
 Not bad.
 Not bad.
 So earlier this month, you became somewhat of an internet folk hero by opening up
 your catalog of beats, at least the most recent ones, to streamers who want to use
 them for free on Twitch.
 As someone with a shrewd understanding of both video game streaming and the music
 industry, what do you make of this recent wave of copyright takedowns that have
 swept across platforms like YouTube and Twitch?
 I don't know what the whole thing is, man.
 I mean, it's really free promotion for all of us, you know, artists and labels
 alike. And the crazy thing is whenever labels need promotion for their artists or
 anything like that, they always hit up gamers.
 If you need the streamers, don't disable them.
 I don't think it's fair what they're doing.
 But luckily you have artists like myself and a couple other DJs coming to the aid
 of streamers and stuff like that.
 So, you know, it's it sucks.
 But, you know, we also got some good people in this industry.
 What makes Animal Crossing the ultimate toilet game?
 It's not a lot of stress.
 You can do things at your own pace.
 You're actually already living that life right now.
 What makes it the ultimate toilet game right now is that it's a quarantine game.
 You're paying bills.
 You're staying home.
 You make sure everybody else in your neighborhood is good.
 And that's exactly what Animal Crossing is.
 And we were in the hustle and bustle.
 If I was on planes and stuff like that, it wouldn't be as fascinating to me.
 But Animal Crossing is just life simulator right now.
 It's so green.
 Oh, God.
 Mmm.
 Oh, that's good, though.
 It's not bad.
 So these versus battles on Instagram Live have become a real staple of quarantine.
 And then your club banger showdown that was two and a half hours long with Lil
 Jon was definitely one of the highlights.
 How do you go about putting together your set list?
 Like you have to be strategic on some level and think about trap songs and how
 to set up the next thing.
 Yeah, it was it was actually a whole process of, you know, thinking about what
 Jon is going to play and, you know, it's like it's like any other competition,
 man, you got to kind of look at the highlights.
 He's been a DJ for God knows how long.
 So I had a lot of highlight reels that I could pull up of Lil Jon to see what his
 favorite songs to play is.
 And me and my whole team kind of got together and kind of put together like a
 bracket list of what we thought was coming next and what we thought was going to be
 played after what I played.
 But the whole thing really depended on who was going first because we didn't work
 that out beforehand.
 So I had to make sure that Jon wasn't going to dust me right at the beginning.
 So I had to bangers ready, but I had another list ready to go just in case.
 He wanted to go first.
 If he would have went first, I would have dusted it.
 There's this constant debate about matchups that fans want to see, whether
 it's like Nas vs.
 Jay-Z or Diddy vs.
 Dr. Dre.
 What's an underrated matchup that no one's talking about but should?
 I wouldn't say it wouldn't be fair, but it'd be kind of weird.
 I'd like to see Andre 3000 go against Big Boy.
 Not only do they both have separate careers, but they also need that double
 CD, the speaker box and the love below.
 I would love to see those albums go head to head.
 I think that's one that people aren't thinking is a good matchup, but I very
 much like to see both of them together talking to each other again at the very
 least.
 That's a weird taste.
 Oh, it's hot too.
 Oh, nope.
 Don't you do it.
 Don't you say a goddamn word.
 Working at your pace, working at your pace, my friend.
 Okay.
 It's getting there.
 It's getting there.
 Oh, God, I'm so glad y'all don't have us eat these whole wings.
 So anyone that's ever heard "Buy You a Drink" knows that it's obviously
 objectively a smacker, but I'm curious just from a musical perspective, are
 there details in that song that you think propelled it to its level of popularity?
 When I made the beat, I didn't think it was going to be like a giant song.
 But when I started writing the lyrics and started putting in lyrics from other
 people's songs, I think that really propelled it.
 To be like, oh my God, this has all my favorite songs in it in one dope song.
 So once I made it, I was so proud of it.
 I walked into Chris Brown's studio and showed it to Chris Brown and he
 tried to take it from me.
 He was like, oh my God.
 He looked at his manager like, we got to get this on my album.
 And I was like, yeah, man, for sure.
 Nah, whatever you want.
 And I was just, I was just defeated at the song.
 And then as soon as I left out that room, man, I was like, he's not ever
 hearing that song again until I come out.
 I'm never going to show him that song again.
 It was my fault for being too excited.
 I know Chris wanted that song.
 I'm sorry, Chris.
 I love you, man.
 But I needed that one, brother.
 Oh boy.
 I can't really taste that.
 Yes, I can.
 Oh shit.
 Where?
 Oh.
 You see musicians flex phantoms all the time, but I've never seen anyone
 ride as hard for budget compacts the way that you do.
 Why are Scion XBs and Mini Coopers, why are they so special to you?
 It's just too much.
 Sometimes it's too much.
 I can floor my Mini Cooper for 20 minutes on the highway.
 Just pedal to the metal.
 Going super fast, over a hundred miles an hour.
 Totally fine.
 Let's just floor a Bugatti for 30 seconds.
 Now you got to replace radiators, each radiator is 25 grand and there's
 four of them in the car, but if you break one, you got to replace all of them.
 What is that?
 German?
 What?
 Come on.
 What is that?
 Owning expensive cars.
 It's the worst.
 I hate it.
 And I don't know why we moved into that.
 And I don't know why rappers before me made me think it was going to be easy
 peasy, especially if you got 19 of them.
 That was not fun.
 I had a Bentley GT.
 I had it for one day.
 I parked it at the studio so I can go out of town and come back the next day.
 Came back the next day, whole studio flooded out.
 Whole thing.
 My car was underwater.
 And let me tell you, if that would have happened in a Mini Cooper, I would have
 had another Mini Cooper the next day.
 But being that it was a Bentley GTC, there was no fixing it.
 Couldn't get it fixed.
 Had to let it go.
 I bought a Bentley, couldn't get any money back.
 Flooded out.
 Nobody wanted to fix it.
 It was too water damaged.
 Bentley out the door.
 Just stupid.
 We may have sauced these too much.
 Calientes rojo.
 You got to roll that R man.
 You got to figure that out.
 Rojo.
 Rojo.
 No, no.
 That's really good.
 So you've long been one of the culinary world's most underrated thinkers.
 And last time around, we explored some of your amazing food takes that you
 delivered to the internet.
 This first one really hit home for me because there was a time where one time
 I ate a taco from the top and the internet roasted me for literally months
 on end.
 And recently you tweeted motherfuckers trying to tell me I'm the wrong one
 because I eat burritos sideways.
 I'm not going to be a part of your liberal society because people care way too much
 about how you eat something.
 You know?
 Yeah.
 It's really crazy, man.
 I don't see how it's going to affect anybody else's life.
 But the good thing is that, that, you know, I try to tell people why I do that
 because when you eat a burrito sideways, it turns into a taco eventually.
 So you can't devalue my thoughts because you've been taught to eat your things a
 certain way.
 I'm sure there are people out there that eat burritos regularly in front of
 people.
 Then they go and try my method and like, oh my God, this is much better, but I
 can never show anyone.
 And that's just not cool, man.
 Be proud of how you eat burritos.
 Ever notice how long it takes to leave a restaurant?
 Like from the second you're ready to leave, time it next time.
 See how long it takes.
 Okay.
 While you're eating, waitress or waiter is there nonstop.
 They won't let you eat.
 They keep talking to you while you're trying to eat.
 You've got a mouthful of food.
 What the hell is everything tasting?
 I'm eating it.
 I haven't spit it out yet.
 This should be an indication from across the room that I'm fine.
 But then when you're done, all the plates are empty.
 Everybody's down.
 They're just chilling.
 Nobody has their hands on the table anymore.
 The restaurant just shuts down.
 Nobody's there anymore.
 Nobody's coming to see how was it?
 Here's your check.
 Do you guys want anything else?
 Do you want to order the soup plate?
 That's going to take 45 minutes, but it's okay if you wait.
 Nobody wants to come at that point.
 And then it just takes, it takes like double the time it took for you to eat,
 for you to leave.
 And it's just the weirdest thing in the world.
 All right.
 One more for you, T-Pain.
 Bro, I just ate a $200 chicken nugget.
 That was an experience.
 That was an experience.
 I was at a company called Just.
 What they were doing were making vegan food products like eggs, chicken nuggets
 and things out of sale of living animals.
 And that process is so extensive and so elaborate that each chicken nugget at
 that moment was $200.
 And they make eggs from the same process.
 Nothing's different about it.
 It's just, you don't have to murder an animal every time you want to eat it.
 So it was actually pretty cool.
 It was actually really good.
 Seafire gourmet reaper.
 That don't make any sense.
 How do you know?
 What's the process of picking hot dogs?
 So I'm happy you asked that.
 We have like a...
 Oh no!
 That was a creeper.
 We have a hot sauce plug.
 Noah from Heatnest.
 He helps us figure this out every year.
 Noah.
 We ain't friends, bro.
 Wait.
 Oh my God.
 So when you won the mask singer as the one-eyed monster, you described it
 as an F you everybody moment.
 Oh, son!
 When I won the mask singer, to the people that didn't know.
 What I was capable of.
 And you know, I've had over the years, you can imagine, oh my God, my spit is spicy.
 What is going on?
 Over the years, you can imagine how many people have been calling me the auto tune guy.
 You know, all I know how to do is do auto tune.
 I don't really have any talent.
 They don't know that I've been producing all my albums and producing and writing
 for other people.
 So when I took that mask off, it was like, oh my God, it was just a great moment.
 Like, that's right.
 Fucking asshole.
 This is how this works.
 I should have cheated.
 Why did I do this correctly?
 You know, we could not police it.
 You know, we really are on the honor system.
 Put the same hot sauce on all of them.
 Oh my God.
 Where are you going to come check?
 Oh my God.
 This is so stupid.
 Okay.
 We're trying to keep the integrity of the show.
 That's why.
 Cause we love you, man.
 I know.
 Careful around your eyes.
 Careful around your eyes.
 Yeah.
 I just wiped my mouth with that same thing.
 This is not going to be good in about 20 seconds.
 Go ahead though.
 Keep going.
 All right, let's move on.
 We'll keep it moving.
 This is Thor's hammer.
 Thor's hammer in the seventh spot.
 It's very hot.
 Very hot.
 Oh.
 Oh my God.
 So this year marks the 10 year anniversary of Freaknik the musical,
 an animated special about the infamous Atlanta street festival that you produce and starred
 in for Adult Swim.
 As someone who loves cartoons more than anyone I've ever met in my life,
 where does that particular project stack up against some of your other major accomplishments?
 [Groaning]
 Grammys, okay.
 That's other people judging what you do and other people coming together and saying who
 is better at what, but having something in your mind and having something come out the
 way that you imagined it and it be so successful that we had two million more viewers than a
 particular award show that was happening at the same time.
 I think that was one of my crowning achievements, man.
 It was pretty good.
 That was good.
 Do you have a Mount Rushmore of cartoons, a top four of all time?
 Ooh wee.
 Chowder, My Hero Academia, Squidbillies, Rick and Morty's In Every Shirt.
 No question.
 I am running out of napkins.
 This is- [Groaning]
 Well, I don't know if you recall this one.
 This is the bomb beyond insanity at the eighth spot.
 My tears burn.
 I don't know why that's happening.
 My tears are burning my skin.
 [Music]
 Oh, it tastes like gas.
 Oh.
 Oh no.
 Oh no.
 Oh, fuck you Noah.
 [Coughing]
 So I've heard that when you go to a strip club, you'll have the manager turn all of the TVs in
 your section onto Cartoon Network.
 What are some other moves that separate a veteran in the strip club from a noob?
 Um, spending money when you don't have to.
 There's no reason to spend as much money, especially if you know
 you're going to do something later.
 [Screaming]
 This is so much worse than last time.
 [Groaning]
 Are you in Atlanta right now?
 Yeah.
 We shot Hot Ones the game show in Atlanta.
 What can you tell people about the Claremont Lounge?
 It's the best strip club ever known to man.
 There's an 80 year old stripper in there.
 See if I can work it, boy.
 [Groaning]
 Oh, she wouldn't.
 It's Heidi Whitey's and now it's Chris.
 Oh God, I'm going to throw up.
 This might be the hardest question that we asked this entire interview, but to put you on the spot,
 what do you think is the single greatest all time T-Pain strip club anthem?
 Long lap dance song for sure.
 It's the longest one and it'll get you the most out of your dance.
 [Music]
 Okay.
 Oh my God.
 I don't think.
 I think this is getting worse.
 I'm not going to lie to you.
 So you've been through all the highs and lows that you would expect from somebody who spent 15
 years in the music industry, but the thing that I admire about you most is that somehow, some way,
 you're able to grow through these moments and come out with a fresh and new perspective.
 How do you view the role of a record label in 2020?
 There seems to be so much tension between artist and label,
 but nothing really changes.
 The model stays the same.
 I think the world of information has grown so much.
 Oh my God.
 The world of information has grown so much that artists can now see
 what the labels have been doing and how they've been making money.
 It was a secret for a long time, but now I think that artists know what the labels are doing and
 how they're making money, that the labels have become unnecessary and success.
 The artists have realized that what labels do isn't some superhuman power that is just
 unavailable to everybody else, and I think that that is where artists are at this point.
 This sucks.
 Okay, you ready?
 I'm ready.
 You ready?
 Cheers.
 Okay. Okay. All right, T-Pain, here we are on the last stop in the show. I know that you've been
 pushed to the brink today, but one thing that I love about you is that you are the fun guy.
 You're always so much fun. I remember the first time I saw you, you were so excited.
 I'm so excited. You're so cool. I love you. I have a lot of fun. I'm so excited. I'm so excited.
 But I love that you're always the fun guy. You're always so much fun, and I remember the first time
 that you came into the studio, you were like, "Hey, Sean, what's up?" You'd already seen all
 the episodes. You knew exactly where you were in the line, and I'll never forget that about you.
 I'll never forget that about you. So now, coming back here and doing it a second time,
 dying, stomach twisting, sweating from the face. Yep. As someone who's able to find the fun in
 everything, what do you find fun about this? The interview part, man. Just you, Sean. You
 as a person, man. It's usually on stuff like this, the host wouldn't do it at all. The fact that you
 do it with people and the fact that you are our actual friends and you actually look after us and
 stuff like that, man, I think it's you that makes this show so damn great, man. We do interview on
 top of interview on top of interview every day, and it's great that I can agree to do an interview
 with you because you actually go deeper into things. You actually do the challenge with us.
 You actually give a shit if we are throwing up or not. It's a level of respect between
 interviewer and interviewee. So it's you that does this whole thing, man. It's you that makes this
 fun, and you're just such a cool fucking guy. I think we all just love you more so than doing
 this dumb shit. I wasn't expecting that, but I'm really touched by that. Thank you so much. You've
 always got a friend in me. Absolutely. Now, it is my honor, T-Pain, to roll out the red carpet for you.
 This camera or possibly a camera B if you've set one up, let the people know what you have going
 on in your life. You know, right now, pain and torment. The new single, "Get Up," all proceeds.
 Oh my God. I think it's worth. All proceeds go to Crime Survivors for Safety and Justice.
 It's an organization that I've been dealing with for a while. Make sure you go to PizzlePack.com
 if you want that DMCA-free music for your streaming purposes, for Twitch, Mixer, Facebook,
 gaming, YouTube, whatever you want. Oh my God. I hope you guys are safe,
 corona-free. If not, then I hope you guys get better. I love you all. Love you, Sean.
 Oh, Jesus. Fuck you, Noah. Hey, what's going on, Hot Ones fans? This is Sean Evans checking in
 with One Camera Guy. How you doing, Stephen? You good? Good. Stephen's good. There's no one else in
 this building except for the two of us. It is locked down over here, but you know what? The
 Pepperdome is open for all new episodes of Hot Ones The Game Show Tuesdays on TruTV. The Pepperdome.
 See you there, if you dare.
