 (laughing)
 Who puts that, who puts that on the, ooh.
 (dramatic music)
 - Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by The Undertaker, Mark Calaway.
 He's a seven time world heavyweight champion
 and one of the greatest professional wrestlers of all time.
 His five part docu-series, The Last Ride,
 is currently airing on WWE Network
 and on November 22nd, he'll be giving his final farewell
 at Survivor Series.
 The same event where he made his debut
 more than 30 years ago.
 Taker, welcome to the show.
 - Sean, man, how you doing brother?
 - I'm doing great.
 I know that you're a Texas boy.
 How do you like your food?
 Do you like it spicy?
 - Yeah, I like spicy food, but I like it to have flavor.
 I'm just gonna be straight up.
 Like, you know, where I come from in my family,
 we have crawfish boils and all that,
 which, you know, you got sausage,
 you got all these shrimp and all these different things.
 And it's spicy as hell, but it tastes good.
 If it's got a flavor and it tastes good, that's one thing,
 but just drinking liquid kerosene,
 and I'm not, yeah, we'll see how this goes.
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 - You're probably gonna start me out with the scorcher.
 - No, no, no, no, we're not playing that game with you.
 We'll work our way there though.
 - All right, I mean, I don't know if you can see that.
 Is that sufficient?
 - That looks good to me.
 - All right, man, you ready?
 - I'm ready. - Cheers.
 - Cheers.
 (gentle music)
 - That's actually pretty good.
 I'm actually hungry, so it's really gonna suck
 at the end of this thing, I'm sure.
 - So as someone who didn't break character
 for three decades, it's been really interesting
 to watch you pull back the curtain for the first time
 in your WWE docu-series and now in this recent run
 of interviews.
 I'm sure you've been asked this before,
 but has the experience of knocking down that fourth wall
 over the last year, has it been cathartic
 or mostly just disorienting?
 - You know, that's a really great question.
 You know, I've been in the wrestling business
 for over 30 years, it's been 30 years with WWE
 on the 22nd, but I'm a notoriously old school guy
 and talking about the business so openly,
 it's still to this day, I'm kinda like,
 I'm fighting that urge to clam up and not talk about it,
 enforce myself, like, you need to tell stories
 and people are dying to hear this stuff.
 So that aspect, it's fun, but just the old school,
 the old school wrassler is like,
 man, you should just go back, pull the curtain shut
 and tell everybody you're not home.
 But, so it's been a mix of both.
 - It was such a serious character,
 but I do remember your appearances in particular
 on Regis and Kelly in the '90s.
 And I'm curious, did you get a kick out of being
 on those daytime TV shows and just sort of growling
 and grunting through interviews?
 - Absolutely miserable.
 (laughing)
 Like back then in those early '90s,
 I got no juice then, right?
 I'm just another one of the guys.
 And when the boss says,
 "Hey, we want you to go on Regis and Kathy Lee,
 "you go on Regis and Kathy Lee."
 I remember the first time that we did the show,
 man, here she comes, she starts piping off
 and I'm just like, (grunting)
 I hated it, I did, I knew it was good for business,
 but for my character and for me personally,
 I was absolutely miserable.
 That's different from your traditional kind of sausage,
 that's good.
 - So like standup comedians,
 the wrestling origin story is something
 that we obsess about on this show.
 What do you remember about performing under the name Commando
 in a league called Central Illinois Wrestling?
 - Wow, man, you've done some homework, brother.
 I'll give you this, you're the first person
 that's ever asked me that question.
 Kudos to you, 'cause I've answered
 a lot of the same questions over the last year.
 I've answered the same question a lot, so good for you.
 So, starving to death, I was making absolutely no money.
 I look back on those experiences and those times
 really fondly and never forgot 'em
 because it was a struggle.
 'Cause a lot of times guys get up to the show,
 they make a little, they get a little scratch
 and they change, completely change.
 My dad gave me some great advice a long time ago.
 He goes, "The toes you step on on the way to the top
 "are connected to the asses you're gonna have to kiss
 "on the way back down."
 So, I try to treat people the same as I treated them then,
 the way I try to treat them now, the way I treated them then
 and still remember what it's like
 to get those miss-a-meal cramps.
 That's got a little kick a little faster.
 I didn't even get all the way into the bike
 and I can already feel the heat.
 - That's how it'll go, that's how it'll go going forward.
 - Okay, I'm ready, I think.
 - So, you're a true historian of professional wrestling
 and in hearing you speak candidly
 about those you've shared a locker room with,
 it's clear that you have a profound appreciation
 for the business.
 Who was the best technical wrestler you ever saw work?
 - Technical, wow.
 Ooh, tell you what, Arn Anderson,
 Arn Anderson is up there.
 He was so solid in every fast cut, unbelievable promos.
 On just technical ability, I'm gonna go with Arn Anderson.
 - Who would you say was the most impressive
 physical athlete that you ever saw?
 - Brock Lesnar.
 You don't think a human being can move that fast
 at that size.
 He was a freak athlete, he really was.
 - As someone who enjoys a good laugh,
 who was the most savage backstage prankster?
 - Well, there's a level to pranksters.
 You gotta put Kurt Henning up there
 as an all time classic ripper.
 Then you got the kind of rips that will start fights,
 which, like Mr. Fuji, guys would like
 try and rip me back and it just escalate and escalate
 until people would think I've really made a bad mistake
 because there's a animal's head in my gear bag now.
 I mean, I won't get into details,
 but there are some stories back there.
 Regular people were up to hear them,
 they would just be appalled at some of the pranks.
 But Owen Hart, my goodness.
 Oh man, God rest his soul.
 But what a ripper Owen Hart was.
 - I know that this puts you on the spot
 and I don't want you to overthink it.
 I don't want you to think it over too much,
 but if a wrestling novice wanted a foundation
 of the best that there is in sports entertainment,
 can you give me four defining wrestling matches
 that you'd recommend they try to track down
 and watch on YouTube?
 - Yeah, I think so.
 I would go with Randy Savage and Ricky Steamboat.
 Any match between Ric Flair and Harley Raves.
 Little bit of a egomaniac here,
 but I would put Undertaker Shawn Michaels,
 WrestleMania 25, modern day was the recent match
 between Edge and Randy Orton.
 Those are four that kind of encapsulates what we do
 at its highest level.
 It kind of sneaks up on you on the back end,
 lets you know why the goat's so angry.
 It kind of tricks you.
 Like, oh man, that's good.
 And then yeah, the goat kind of jumps up
 and kicks your ass.
 - So Jim Ross dubbed you the conscience of the WWE
 and it's clear from listening to interviews
 with your peers in the business
 that you're revered not only as a wrestler,
 but also as a leader in the locker room.
 I don't know if this is true or not,
 so I guess I'll take it right to the source,
 but were you ever like a judge
 in a locker room kangaroo court
 where if like two wrestlers had beef with each other,
 they would like come to like a more formal ceremonial thing.
 And then if maybe they lost the lawsuit against them
 or they lost the case against them,
 they'd have to like buy beer for the winner
 or something like that.
 - Well, I take exception with the word kangaroo.
 - I don't want the smoke.
 I don't want any smoke.
 I don't want any smoke.
 - You know, this is a virtual kind of deal
 and you're feeling kind of brave,
 but a wrestler's court, no, I tease.
 You know, wrestler's court was kind of a way,
 now sometimes it was really serious.
 It was a friendly way, a lighthearted way to kind of say,
 look, you need to check yourself
 because everybody's noticing.
 You just don't get brought up to wrestler's court
 because you're going out and working your butt off
 every night and you know, you go on about your business.
 There's usually a pretty good reason
 to get brought up to wrestler's court.
 You know, they say you see it all the time,
 but we call it gimmick infringement
 where one guy will do another guy's move
 and you know, guys get hot more so back in the earlier days
 than they do now, but I mean, it used to be like,
 if you did somebody else's move,
 yeah, there could be very well could be a scrap
 if you let it go too long.
 So you know, you gotta keep all that stuff in check
 or it'll get out of hand real quick.
 (upbeat music)
 That's good.
 Yeah, I like that man.
 That's my favorite so far.
 - Hey, we'll take it.
 All right, Undertaker, we have a recurring segment
 on our show called Explain That Gram
 where we do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 And with you today, we have a theme.
 It's pictures with past Hot Ones guests.
 So I'll show you the picture.
 You just tell us the bigger story.
 First things first, what do you remember
 about meeting fellow beer enthusiast Post Malone
 in Austin, Texas?
 - Yeah, so that was the start of my IG career
 was right after that.
 I think that was my first post with Post
 and was crazy, a crazy wrestling fan.
 He was, I mean, he started rattling things off.
 I think part of his life, he was in New York, right?
 And he grew up up there.
 So he had all that knowledge and then he's a Texas guy.
 And he had that knowledge.
 He was really fun to talk to, but man, it was just fun.
 It was fun watching his face kind of light up,
 getting to talk about wrestling and being a kid again.
 So really, really cool down to earth guy.
 - Here you are face off with Stone Cold Steve Austin.
 What do you think is your best match against Stone Cold?
 - Probably the most memorable would be SummerSlam,
 Highway to Hell.
 That was so cool to build up to that.
 It was in Madison Square Garden.
 They had this big Highway to Hell build up
 and we were all buses, we're on billboards, we're everywhere.
 The match was okay, but the buildup and the hype around it
 was awesome.
 I damn near knocked Steve out that night,
 inadvertently of all things.
 My head hit him right in the chin.
 His eyes rolled like a slot machine
 and it took a few minutes to get Steve back with us.
 But yeah, it was fun.
 Anytime you got a chance to work with Stone Cold,
 man, it was a good night.
 - Here you are, College Game Day, supporting your Longhorns.
 Earlier this season, we had Matthew McConaughey on the show.
 Have you ever had an on-campus run-in with McConaughey
 or anything like that?
 - Oh yeah, so that night at the game against LSU,
 I think both of us were talking way too much smack.
 We were just really confident that Texas was gonna beat LSU.
 Obviously I'm glad since we lost
 that they went on to win the national title.
 But later that year, McConaughey brought his kids down
 to the show in Austin and we actually sat backstage
 and talked for a while.
 It really laid back Texas dude, just as chill as can be.
 - Say man, you gotta join?
 Be like, "Color if you did."
 - This one's gonna be legit, I'm sure.
 That's how you eat a chicken wing,
 you don't tear it off with your hands.
 Not gonna mention any names, so I'm gonna go.
 But anyway, that's how you eat a chicken wing.
 - So even against the rich history of entry music
 and wrestling, you arguably lay claim
 to the most recognizable walkout songs of all time.
 Your original funeral theme in the '90s
 was based on a piano piece by Chopin,
 but with sinister organs and chimes.
 What was the evolution of that first version?
 And was it made by WWE producer Jim Johnston?
 - It was, yeah.
 He had a long, long run with us and he's just so creative.
 And what was so good about him is,
 after he would put something together,
 he would want your input on it.
 There was a time there was actually
 a really nasty guitar riff.
 As that character morphed and evolved,
 the gong at the beginning is so iconic.
 Everything has to start with that.
 And then you can tweak and add things to it as you go along.
 But yeah, Jim was really good
 and I enjoyed working with him,
 and evolving the entrance through the years.
 - Yeah, and even stylistically as things changed,
 you had walkout songs to Kid Rock,
 you had walkout songs to Limp Bizkit, Metallica, Johnny Cash.
 Looking back, which of your walkout songs
 outside of that original got the biggest pop from fans?
 - When I came out in Seattle for that WrestleMania
 to Limp Bizkit, they played me in live.
 I mean, that was pretty charged up.
 But I'd have to go with Kid Rock's "American Badass."
 There was so much energy with that song
 and with me calling myself the American Badass.
 I mean, it just fit perfectly.
 The lyrics, everything was just spot on.
 (dramatic music)
 - It's got bourbon in it?
 - Yeah.
 - That's all you had to say?
 Might've tricked me there.
 I went a little extra with it since you said it was bourbon.
 - Oh yeah.
 - I'm gonna probably regret that.
 - Trapped ya.
 - Wow.
 You get it right away.
 - Yep.
 - And the heat ain't far behind it.
 - Still going in though, you must like it.
 - I'm hungry, man.
 I'm hungry and I like bourbon.
 - So you famously protected the Undertaker character
 to the point of turning down interviews and movie roles
 that could spoil the mystique.
 But now that you've broken down the fourth wall,
 we wanna fact check some notable Undertaker folk tales.
 Fact or fiction, you wrestled in the 2010 elimination chamber
 with second degree burns on your chest
 from an accident involving pyrotechnics?
 - Absolutely.
 A couple of weeks prior, during one of my entrances,
 you know that bourbon's sticking around for a while.
 My pyro burst, they were getting really close to me.
 I went to the pyro guy and I said,
 "Look, the pyro burst when I'm at that edge of the stage,
 they need to be moved back a little bit."
 The pyro kinda blew me off about it.
 So when the pyro comes up, I mean, it's on me, right?
 So it forces me to turn to my right.
 And as soon as I turned to my right,
 the right pyro burst come up.
 So I'm totally, just like my lips right now,
 engulfed in flame.
 I could see fire on my hat.
 You know, famously, the announcers were trying to,
 he's so fired up to get in there,
 he's kinda running to the ring.
 I was on fire and I was trying to put myself out.
 I was in the ring with Chris Jericho
 and he's got me in the walls of Jericho
 where my chest is completely flat against the mat, right?
 And he's just working me over, right?
 Pulling me and tugging me and this is my foot,
 my burnt chest is just rubbing up against that canvas mat.
 And later that night,
 I think I kinda went into a little bit of shock
 and I don't recommend it.
 I really don't.
 Anybody's ever thinking about doing that for an entrance,
 don't do it, it's not good.
 - Is it true that Jim Ross once pitched a pay-per-view
 between you and Mankind?
 It was called Boiler Room Brawl
 and it was gonna be live from Alcatraz.
 Do you have any knowledge of that?
 - Yeah, Mankind and I had so many themed matches,
 Boiler Room Brawl, Hell in a Cell, Buried Alive.
 We were two characters that those matches
 really lent themselves to.
 Yeah, Jim Ross was always like,
 "I can see you guys, if we could ever get to Alcatraz,
 the only way to win the match is to escape Alcatraz."
 And we just never could make it happen.
 But I was always on board for that.
 I just thought that would have been
 the coolest thing ever to do.
 - And then finally, fact or fiction,
 your mom scolded Shane McMahon
 when he punched you in the face and drew blood.
 (laughing)
 - My mom scolded a lot of people.
 I had to, it got to the point I had to quit,
 I had to quit bringing her to the shows
 when I'd go to Houston.
 I remember, it is true, by the way, yes.
 And she will cuss triple H to this day,
 6'10", 320 pounds.
 I'm still the baby, right?
 I'm still her baby and she thinks she has to help me.
 It was WrestleMania in Dallas,
 that's where I wrestled Shane in Hell in a Cell.
 So she was exposed to everybody that she'd seen on TV
 and I think she got promos
 on just about everybody she didn't like.
 (dramatic music)
 - Very hot.
 - Very hot, oh, okay.
 You're not even gonna try and lie about it,
 you're just telling me straight up.
 That is stupid.
 - Very stupid.
 - Why?
 - I think for this show only.
 It tastes like a yak's ass on fire.
 Wild, it's not even hit its peak yet.
 - Still growing, still growing.
 - Oh yeah, it's still, it's smoldering and it's just, yeah.
 It's, there go the hiccups.
 - Yep, I know those all too well.
 - Who puts that, who puts that on the,
 ooh, that's.
 - Out of Kansas City if you're curious.
 - That is brutal.
 Wow.
 - So you've amassed a formidable collection
 of motorcycles over the years.
 If your garage caught on fire
 and you could only save the bike
 that means the most to you, which one would you save?
 - Ooh, it would probably have been my,
 my West Coast chopper Jesse built for me.
 It was just an amazing build, amazing bike.
 And that one, or the very first bike that I bought
 once I got out of debt from getting into this business,
 that was kind of the first thing that I ever bought myself
 was a brand new Harley.
 - In the famous book,
 Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance,
 the author writes, "It's the sides of the mountain
 "which sustain life, not the top.
 "Does riding have a spiritual,
 "transcendent dimension for you?"
 - Absolutely, absolutely it does.
 It's just, especially when you're on like,
 if you're on like the PCH or someplace
 where you can just let, you can just go,
 you're not having to worry so much about, you know,
 all the traffic and all the cars
 and you just get on the road and I'm not like a Zen guy,
 but it's, I guess that's what I can equate it to.
 Everything kind of goes away
 and you're just right there in the moment.
 I'm loving what I'm doing right now
 and I wish it could last forever.
 My goal is to actually not to drink the milk.
 - Well, you know what?
 We're on that fast track
 because we only have two more to go
 and so far you haven't touched it.
 Are you ready to move on to the next sauce?
 It's the Chocolate Express from Pucker Butt.
 - Pucker Butt, well, I can tell you one thing,
 my butt is puckered.
 But if you want to be the boss,
 you gotta use the sauce, right?
 - That's what they say.
 - Yeah, that's gonna be stupid hot.
 - Mm-hmm.
 Well, while it builds, I'll wind you up.
 - It's gonna take it a minute, but I can feel it.
 - You know, Mike Tyson once said,
 "I was the youngest heavyweight champion of all time,
 but the most fun I ever had in the ring was with WWE.
 - As a boxing diehard yourself,
 what do you see as Tyson's lasting impact
 on professional wrestling as a whole?
 - He gave, I mean, he gave us an air of legitimacy
 because he was the most covered athlete in the world.
 We had been getting our butts handed to us from WCW
 and, you know, they were killing us everywhere.
 We finally rebuilt our roster
 and it was absolutely the turning point
 where we never looked back again.
 I mean, it really was.
 We were on the fast track and it was probably
 one of the greatest eras ever in wrestling, in my opinion.
 - The last dab.
 Oh, this is gonna be horrible.
 I can tell.
 - Yeah.
 Mm-hmm.
 Strength to strength to strength here with the Blast 3,
 but it's okay because Taker,
 here we are at the final bell of our 10-round hell
 in a Zoom Cell match with the Wings of Death.
 And this weekend, you'll be giving your final farewell
 at Survivor Series,
 capping off a legendary career
 that spans more than three decades.
 And one of the reasons I think
 that you've been such an iron horse in this industry
 is the razor-sharp understanding you have of your fans.
 I've heard you say that there are guys
 who can do phenomenal things athletically,
 but never have a successful career
 because they can't identify with their audience.
 If Sunday's bout is indeed your last,
 how do you want those Undertaker fans
 to remember you as a wrestler?
 - I think the biggest thing that I want people to understand
 is how much they...
 How much they were so instrumental
 in getting me through so much
 and how important it was to me
 to get out there and perform.
 I'll look back and say that I never phoned anything in.
 I gave everybody everything that I had
 and always thought about the people
 that were coming to see me
 and they were paying their hard-earned dollars sometimes
 in really rough times to come see me perform
 and see us perform.
 So I just want people to understand
 how important it was for me to be the Undertaker
 and give people that little bit of time
 to escape the real world
 and be able to do it for so many years.
 And that goes back to the fans for keeping me relevant
 and keeping me near and dear to their hearts.
 It was never lost on me and means the world to me.
 - What a ride it has been.
 And speaking of wild rides, look at you.
 Taking on the Hot Ones gauntlet,
 had a goal of no milk,
 and I see that those glasses are still full to the brim.
 Now there's nothing left to do,
 but roll out the red carpet for you, Undertaker.
 This camera, that camera,
 probably just the one that you're looking at.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - Well, we're moving into Survivor Series,
 which will mark my 30th year with the WWE.
 The final farewell is gonna be a phenomenal pay-per-view.
 If you haven't checked out the last ride,
 it's me bearing my soul
 and just giving you everything
 I think that people have wanted to see for so long.
 So that's the goal, man.
 We're trying to get to that 30 year anniversary
 and see what happens next.
 (clapping)
 As painful as it was, I really enjoyed this, man.
 It was a good time, thank you.
 This is getting re-gifted.
 The bomb is getting re-gifted to somebody.
 Oh my gosh.
 (growling)
 - Hey, what's going on Hot Ones fans?
 This is Sean Evans checking in to say thank you so much
 for watching today's episode
 and I have an exciting announcement.
 A very exciting announcement.
 Feast your eyes on the Hot Ones Reebok collab.
 I am so excited for this collaboration.
 You have the Club C, you have the Classic Leather,
 and of course, the Shaq-nosis.
 Now, you can do the Shaq face in style,
 the way it was intended.
 Let me walk you through my favorite features on each one.
 First off, with the Club C,
 I love that it's the color of milk.
 On the back, you have this cool Hot Ones logo
 with the Scoville scale and I love how the Reebok logo,
 it's kind of like the lower third that we put with guests.
 That is our mild, our milk.
 And then up next, we have the Classic Leather,
 it's our medium.
 It has the Scoville scale along the side.
 I like the Scoville scale on the tongue.
 It comes in at 198,300 Scoville units.
 1983, the year the Classic Leather was dropped.
 And that's what I love about these shoes.
 Everything has such purpose.
 Right down to the five wings on the bottom of the sole.
 Wear 'em both and you have a full Hot Ones gauntlet.
 And finally, the Shaq-nosis.
 Classic Shaq-nosis shoe.
 Hot Ones on the back, cranked all the way up to 11,
 just like the Shaq episode.
 And then you have the Scoville scale colorway,
 different color laces.
 The Hot Ones Reebok collab, we are so, so proud.
 Reebok.com, Reebok.com, Reebok.com,
 to get your hands on the Hot Ones Reebok collab.
 Even the box has milk and wings all over it.
 Hot Ones Reebok, put 'em on your feet, baby.
 (upbeat music)
