 (upbeat music)
 - Hey, what's going on and happy holidays, Hot Ones fans.
 This is Sean Evans checking in for, quite frankly,
 my favorite video of the year.
 It is the end of season, end of year Hot Ones fan Q&A.
 We have our stockings above the fireplace,
 our hot sauces above the mantle,
 and then of course the bucket,
 full of your hard-hitting Hot Ones fan questions.
 But before we get into the mailbag,
 I need to make an announcement.
 Hot Ones and First We Feast,
 we have partnered with the Common Threads charity
 to provide healthy meals and cooking classes
 to families in need.
 We celebrate food and in the case of Hot Ones,
 maybe a little bit of gluttony,
 but the lack of access to nutrition
 facing so many children in this country
 is something that can't be ignored.
 As someone who's been documented on camera
 failing to crack an egg,
 I can fully get behind the Common Threads mission
 to not only provide healthy meals and snacks
 for their students,
 but then to also provide hands-on cooking instruction,
 nutrition education that these students can then take
 and use in the long-term to make healthy lifestyle choices,
 not only for themselves, but also their households
 and also their communities,
 and to ensure they reach families in need,
 Common Threads partners directly with schools
 and organizations and under-resourced communities
 across the country,
 where 80% or more of the students qualify
 for free or reduced lunch.
 And they're doing this in 12 major markets
 across the country, including Pittsburgh,
 Los Angeles, Houston, New York, my hometown of Chicago.
 So if you're sitting there watching this
 and you're thinking, "Hey, Sean,
 I watch you torture celebrities on Hot Ones every week.
 How can I also help out the kiddies?"
 Well, you know what?
 I'm happy that you asked.
 Right next to this video, you'll see a donate button,
 and it's been an impossible year, like the worst year.
 But just a few dollars really does stretch a long way
 with this cause.
 In fact, a donation for $25,
 that is going to be groceries
 for the week's worth of educational lessons,
 and then two dinners for a family of four.
 So if you were to donate $25,
 that's the impact it would have.
 Smash that donate button if you can, and together,
 we will change the future through food.
 Common Threads, check it out,
 read more, donate if you can.
 But now we are on to the mailbag.
 These are your hard-hitting season 13
 Hot Ones fan questions.
 And to open it up.
 So why did this season lose the last dab?
 Almost no one did it.
 It's customary to put a little extra dab of sauce
 on the last wing, and Sean certainly didn't say it
 to the guests as part of his usual script.
 What the fuck?
 Well, all right, so here's the thing.
 With these remote episodes, there's no quality control.
 So we send the sauces over there,
 and everybody's just over-dabbing
 all of their wings already.
 So on the studio, Dom tosses the wing.
 The only time that we're putting a little extra
 on the last wing is with the last dab.
 It's tradition, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
 But here on these remote episodes,
 everyone's dumping half a bottle onto their wings,
 and then at the end, they're dumping half the bottle
 of last dab all over the place.
 And then what am I supposed to do?
 Be like, oh, and by the way, it's tradition around here
 to put a little extra on the last wing.
 It's just confusing and clumsy,
 and like, wait, extra on this one?
 More than I have on the last ones?
 Or wait, what, what, what?
 And then meanwhile, I'm over the internet.
 No, well, if you've seen the show before,
 we do it on the last one.
 It's just like, it's too much to try to shove into that box.
 So we just get there.
 That's how that goes.
 Last dab, last dab tradition.
 It will be back.
 But during the remote episodes,
 it's just a little bit clumsy and all over the place
 'cause people are just popping open bottles on the spot.
 All right, from Haley Ennis.
 As a fellow U of I and College of Media alum,
 I'd love to know, what's your favorite class
 and what your favorite bar was?
 Quick shout out to Gully's RIP.
 Spent a lot of time at Firehouse Station,
 but the bar I think of when I think about my college years,
 Cams, and then believe it or not,
 this year they have a mural on the side of Cams.
 They have a little Sean walk in a last dab bottle.
 So huge honor, forever grateful.
 And then my favorite classes
 were the 400 level broadcast journalism classes
 because they used to do these live broadcasts
 with the students and they were always a disaster.
 That "Boom Goes the Dynamite" kid,
 that was every single week would be
 a bunch of "Boom Goes the Dynamite" moments.
 Just kids trying to work with equipment from the '80s,
 put on a live broadcast, they get shot over
 to whether they're on green screen, they freeze.
 If that were on YouTube,
 if these sort of student live news programs
 were on YouTube, they'd get like millions
 and millions of hits, but they were my favorite.
 So much fun.
 Shout out to John Paul, if he's still there.
 All right, up next from Ethan McGrawrey.
 How does carrying out this job satisfy
 what you want out of your own work?
 Hetty.
 So in my head, I'm a very simple man.
 Like I could probably just go running in the morning
 and then watch college football and wait to die.
 That could be my life.
 But I think what this show does
 is it has made me a more worldly person
 because I get to walk a mile in someone else's shoes
 every single week, so it's always mixing it up.
 One week, I'm reading a Neil deGrasse Tyson book
 about astrophysics.
 The next week, I'm watching the entire filmography
 of Daniel Radcliffe.
 The next week, I'm deep diving the economics
 of combat sports to get ready for an interview
 with Ronda Rousey.
 And I think the thing that's made this last so long
 is I actually just love that process.
 I enjoy that process.
 It's exposed me to so much music
 that I wouldn't have otherwise listened to,
 so many movies that I wouldn't have watched otherwise,
 so many unique stories and personalities
 that maybe I wouldn't have known.
 So I owe that all to the Hot Ones process.
 And that's what I hope, I hope I'm getting out of it.
 All right, next question.
 Ataku Games asks, "Well, I bet almost no one
 "is gonna say this.
 "How are you doing?"
 Thank you for asking.
 I'm doing pretty good.
 I'm doing pretty good, kind of staying in a routine,
 trying to stay busy, singularly focused,
 which isn't always easy to do, especially in these times.
 But I'm doing okay, I'm doing okay.
 Thank you so much for asking.
 All right, next.
 From Joelle M. Bede.
 "Hey Sean, love the show.
 "What's on your wishlist for the holidays?"
 Well, Joelle M. Bede, if that is your real name,
 I'm a simple man, I don't need much for the holidays,
 but I do like a good surprise.
 And speaking of surprises, camera guy Bill,
 I hear I have a very special package.
 To Sean from Joelle M. Bede.
 Let's see what's in the box.
 Joelle M. Bede's Hot Habanero Hot Sauce.
 A hot sauce made with habanero
 with Joelle M. Bede's face on it.
 Everyone knows I like a little citrusy heat.
 I can see that working.
 And then we also have in here, what else we got in here?
 A Mountain Dew cookbook.
 The big, bold book of Mountain Dew recipes
 celebrating 80 years of paying tribute to fans
 with a cookbook full of recipes featuring Dew.
 Let's see what we got in here.
 Brine, turkey, and stuffing.
 Key lime pie bars.
 Pancakes.
 Mountain Dew pancakes.
 Two cups of buttermilk complete pancake mix and waffle mix.
 One cup of Mountain Dew.
 I'll have to try that out.
 Thank you so much, Joelle M. Bede.
 I will cherish this sauce
 and the Mountain Dew cookbook forever.
 Camera guy Bill, can you please put this in my dressing room?
 Thank you so much.
 All right, let's get back to the questions.
 Bob the Builder asks, "Pick three cheap sauces
 "that a college kid could get
 "to make their own mini gauntlet."
 So my immediate reaction to this question
 is to suggest maybe looking at old Hot Ones episodes
 because before we knew like what the hell we were even doing,
 we would literally just go to the store,
 pull sauces off of the shelf,
 and then make the lineup that way.
 So I would suggest maybe looking at old Hot Ones episodes,
 but I get it.
 This is the end of year fan Q&A.
 You need answers, I get it.
 So off the top of my head, your grocery store in town,
 it has to have Frank's or Texas Pete's on the shelf.
 That's a good number one, Frank's or Texas Pete's.
 In the number two spot, El Yucateco has some hotter sauces
 and you can oftentimes find the Pain Is Good line
 if you look around.
 Pain Is Good is around there every once in a while.
 And then finally, the super hots.
 And this is where it gets tough
 because most normal grocery stores
 are not gonna have super hots,
 but every once in a while,
 if you got a supermarket that's cool,
 they'll have a Blair's or they'll have a Mad Dog.
 Blair's or Mad Dog, that's a good way to end it.
 So Frank's, El Yucateco, Mad Dog or Blair's.
 Three sauces, cheap, easy to pick up at the store.
 You heard it here first.
 All right, up next, reverse rolls.
 Now you're the one being interviewed.
 Who would you like to host your interview?
 Let me start by saying, you know,
 I don't know if I need an interview.
 I'm much more comfortable on this side of the table
 than the other side,
 but I would like to take this time to shout out some people
 who I either idolized growing up
 or have a tremendous amount of respect for now.
 David Letterman, of course, if you watch Hot Ones,
 you know I love Dave.
 Nardwuar, of course, shout out the king.
 Terry Gross at MPR, batting average, outrageous,
 barely ever bricks.
 And then I think this is kind of out there,
 but I think the best interview with me
 would probably be with Speedy and Jinx.
 Just the OG complex sort of talking heads thing.
 I think that would probably get the most out of me.
 And then I do want to shout out quickly Taylor Lorenz,
 who maybe not an interviewer,
 but reports and unpackages, internet goings on,
 probably better than everyone else doing it.
 So shout out to Taylor Lorenz, Nardwuar, Letterman,
 Terry Gross, Jinx, and Speedy.
 All right, up next, Abdullah Clark on YouTube asks,
 show us a picture of when you had hair.
 All right, Colin, roll the tape.
 Look at that gorgeous head of hair.
 Here I am, I don't know,
 freshman, sophomore year of high school.
 Look at that look.
 Oh, hey, high school football picture.
 Look at all that hair.
 Whoa, this looks like a young adult Sean with hair proof
 that it happened.
 And there you have it,
 a lovely Sean with hair montage for you.
 All right, just a few more questions in the bucket.
 ALXG.co asks, LeBron James, Michael Jordan, or Kobe Bryant,
 who do you think could handle the Hot Wings Challenge?
 I love the question.
 Kobe Bryant in my head, the best interview of the bunch,
 so cerebral, so multifaceted.
 I say this as a kid that grew up
 in the Chicago suburbs during the '90s.
 Michael Jordan's never doing this show in a million years,
 so what's even the point of discussing it?
 And then LeBron James, though, LeBron James is a name
 that we track down or try to track down,
 like Keanu Reeves or Dave Grohl.
 He's white whale status,
 so maybe someday, Bron Bron in the hot seat.
 But I guess only time will tell.
 Last question.
 Of all the celebrities who shot the show from home,
 who do you think had the coolest setup?
 All right, I absolutely love this question.
 I'm gonna put 'em all into different categories.
 So to me, most on-brand household has to go
 to the Undertaker and that headbangers' ball mansion,
 and then Jessica Alba, an extremely Jessica Alba setting
 for her Hot Ones appearance.
 Naomi Campbell is a setup that looked most
 like the modern day for Psy.
 Matthew McConaughey, watch this again,
 you won't be able to unwatch it.
 He has an enormous fish just swimming around,
 doing laps in that koi pond behind him.
 So for the outdoor setting and then the koi fish B-plot,
 Matthew McConaughey definitely deserves some accolades.
 Coziest couch I have to give to Brie Larson.
 And then special shout out for recreating the set
 to Lil Nas X, Thundercat, Ronda Rousey, and Drew Barrymore.
 Well, there you have it.
 Another Hot Ones fan Q&A is in the books.
 Thank you so much at home if you sent in a question.
 Thank you so much for watching and now rocking with us
 through 13 seasons of Hot Ones.
 In the next few weeks,
 we'll have some fun stuff coming out,
 a little this, a little that.
 And of course, as you know with Hot Ones,
 when one season ends,
 the next one is right around the corner.
 But in the meantime, I hope that you enjoy the holidays.
 I hope that you enjoy this time.
 I hope that you're surrounded by friends,
 by family, by loved ones.
 But if you're not, I love you.
 Happy holidays.
 (gentle music)
 I want a Mountain Dew cookbook
 and I want it signed by Bill.
 Hey, what's going on Hot Ones fans?
 This is Sean Evans checking in
 with a very exciting announcement.
 Hot Ones Truth or Dab the game is finally here, baby.
 What's in the box?
 What's in the box?
 What's in the box?
 Well, the kit comes complete with 250 question cards.
 And then here's how the game works.
 You just go around the table,
 you take turns being the host, being the players.
 And when you're a player and you get asked a question,
 you have a choice.
 Just like in the show, answer it honestly,
 or suffer the wrath of the last dab and take a look at this.
 There's even a mini bottle of the last dab included.
 I suggest you have napkins on hand.
 You have to have some milk on hand.
 And of course, be careful.
 Be very careful around the eyes.
 Hot Ones Truth or Dab the play at home game
 is available at shop.firstwefeast.com,
 heatness.com and Amazon.
 Play at your own risk, wings not included.
 (upbeat music)
 [MUSIC]
