 This is everything I dreamed it to be.
 You having a good time?
 Yeah, I can taste blood.
 This is great.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 Hey, what's going on everybody?
 For First We Feast, I'm Sean Evans
 and you're watching Hot Ones.
 It's the show with hot questions and even hotter wings.
 And today we're joined by Thundercat.
 He's a Grammy Award winning funk jazz virtuoso.
 His latest album, It Is What It Is, is available now
 and today he has his long overdue tryst
 with the Hot Ones gauntlet.
 Thundercat, welcome to the show.
 Yeah.
 I know that you're an adventurous eater.
 How are you around the spicy stuff?
 Oh man, I like feeling like it's the end of the world,
 I guess usually.
 (laughing)
 Definitely, like living on the edge.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 This is really awesome.
 Cheers, man.
 Cheers.
 (laughing)
 (soft music)
 Mm, mm, a little garlicky.
 Oh yeah, garlic fresh, no addition.
 (laughing)
 (soft music)
 So for fans and critics,
 defining your style has become somewhat
 of a contortionist sport.
 A dose of '70s jazz funk fusion with flavors of hip hop,
 R&B, soul and electronica mixed in.
 I once heard a musician say the interesting thing
 about music is it's mixing of the predictable
 and the unpredictable.
 Maybe you don't even think about this,
 but if you do, I am curious,
 how do you think about toeing the line
 between the familiar and the novel?
 I think that's kind of like our job as instrumentalists
 to a major degree.
 It's like to find those places, you know?
 It's like you have to pull from so many different things.
 I think after spending a lot of time with it,
 it kind of develops a voice to a certain degree.
 So it's like, it's rather,
 I think it's rather imperative to try to find the lines
 that tie things together like that.
 Yeah, it plays a major role in your ability to comprehend
 and move ahead in knowing what you're able to do
 throughout different things sonically and stuff like that.
 The movie "Whiplash" highlighted the intensely competitive
 and isolating experience of making jazz music.
 Did the depiction of that pressure cooker environment,
 did you relate to that at all
 as somebody making music at a young age?
 I think the best thing ever is watching
 an actual drummer's reaction to "Whiplash."
 And it's everything that they aren't most of the time.
 So it's just genuine like, "Man, fuck that movie."
 It's just like, one of my favorite ones ever is JD Beck.
 He's a good friend, he's a younger cat
 and he's kind of up and coming.
 And I would like to imagine somebody throwing a pin at JD
 or like my older brother.
 You may get hit back with a drum or something.
 Drummers are like kind of primitive every now and again.
 You get like Fred Flintstone and Barney Rebel over there.
 So yeah, no, no, not over here on bass.
 No, we just have fun.
 Bass players, I feel like the whole idea is that,
 it's actually quite the opposite.
 I feel like everybody just sleeps with the bass player.
 (laughing)
 - Mm.
 Mm-hmm.
 - I knew you'd like that one.
 - Yeah.
 Really nice.
 - So with the possible exception of T-Pain,
 you're the most cartoon obsessed artist
 I think that I've ever met in my life.
 And I thought that your Gochi Gang appearance
 was really interesting, particularly the conversation
 around anime's recent coalescing with pop music.
 What are some of the standout ways that you've seen
 anime's influence on the music industry at large
 grow or evolve over say the last decade?
 - I mean, like literally like Lil Uzi's last,
 like one of his last songs was Sasuke.
 You know, it's like, it's getting pretty blatant
 at this point.
 (laughing)
 You know, it's like, you don't have to hide it as much.
 I feel like back when I was younger,
 it was one of those things where it was more like
 a nerdy thing where it's like, you know, everybody,
 your parents, your girlfriend, it was kind of like,
 what are you talking about?
 I think one of my favorite things ever is knowing
 that Megan Thee Stallion is like an anime nerd.
 So it's like, we're all winning right now.
 All the anime nerds are up right now, bro.
 It's cool, man.
 - As someone whose only real job is working the counter
 at a comic book store,
 what's the most underrated manga in your opinion?
 - Most underrated?
 Underrated?
 Berserk.
 Berserk.
 Berserk is pretty volatile and pretty crazy.
 And you know, it's like, I feel like a lot of people
 haven't got a chance to see where that came from.
 So yeah, Berserk would be one of those ones.
 - Pound for pound,
 what do you think is the all time best cartoon theme song?
 - Ooh.
 Ooh, that goes between two for me.
 There's two.
 Actually three.
 - There's three.
 - Three, it's hard to--
 - Take three.
 - It's hard.
 One is Goof Troop.
 The Goof Troop theme song is like, epic.
 The Mighty Orbots, which was like this 80s one.
 Some moments in this stuff,
 you could just tell that they wanted it to be so amazing.
 So yeah, Mighty Orbots, The Goof Troop.
 Oh, Chippendale Rescue Rangers.
 When you listen, you're like,
 I don't know what it is that I like about it.
 And it's like, oh, it's 'cause you like all the modulations
 and the different progressions that are happening there.
 You just can't pinpoint it.
 But it's like, it sounds like Michael Frank's wrote it
 or something like that.
 You know, it's like some really intense changes.
 All right, Shaquandas.
 I was looking at this one earlier too,
 'cause this time I'm gonna douse it.
 I don't care.
 Damn.
 This whole table's gonna be covered in sauce.
 There you go.
 Mm.
 - Right away.
 - I like that.
 Mm.
 Mm-hmm.
 Mm.
 That's good.
 - Of all the musical instruments that you own,
 is there one that you'd consider your holy grail?
 Like one that has more sentimental value
 than the rest?
 Is it that original Ibanez?
 - It's a bass that was handmade for me by Mike Tobias
 when I was like a teenager.
 And it's like, you could see a person's reaction.
 It's like, whoa, wait,
 and they have to start turning knobs
 and trying to figure out what to do,
 'cause it's like extremely powerful.
 And every once in a while in the studio,
 I have a moment with somebody and be like,
 "Man, that bass is awesome."
 I'm like, "Yeah, this is the one."
 You know, it's like, this is the one, you know?
 And it's like, it kind of stays with me everywhere
 and stuff too.
 - Sometimes I'll talk to professional musicians
 who say that they have a hard time winning
 over curmudgeonly guitar center employees.
 Do bassists ever have to deal with that same kind of
 in-store street credit test?
 - Oh yeah, no, it exists.
 It definitely exists, you know?
 But I don't think there's anything wrong
 with a little bit of that healthy competitive spirit
 in certain respects, you know?
 It's like, art inspires art.
 But yeah, no, I definitely have my fair share
 of getting called a guitar player,
 or like, "That's not a bassist.
 "Basses have four strings."
 And it's just like, "Well, that's why we work at the store
 "and I'm the one on stage."
 It's like, you don't want to get into a serious battle
 with that stuff 'cause they may go out
 and slash your tires at the end of it.
 (laughing)
 - Here we go.
 - Goat sauce.
 - I like that, kind of sweet.
 - Mm-hmm.
 Little more like smoky and barbecue-ish
 compared to the other ones.
 I like when it's got a little sweetness to it like that,
 you know?
 - Mm-hmm.
 - Nice, good setup for the burn, you know?
 I like that.
 - So you've described yourself in earnest
 as being the same person now as you were
 when you were a kid, which so far with this interview,
 story checks out and we'll keep the theme going
 on this wing.
 As a lifelong video game junkie turned musician,
 how important is a game's soundtrack
 to the overall gaming experience to you?
 - That is an, that question right there, sir.
 That, it is so, so important.
 Like Super Mario and Zelda, Contra,
 or like Sonic the Hedgehog, it's one of those things
 that's like the note choices and stuff like that,
 they're so important in certain moments, you know,
 and I don't think they should,
 I don't ever think they should be washed over
 in just the nuances of how we do stuff now
 where it's like it could be cool,
 but that's what makes a video game amazing.
 Just this last Mario Kart was fantastic.
 Soundtrack was amazing.
 It's what will keep you there.
 It'll keep your mind ticking in the way
 that it should be, I think.
 Halo, you know, like Halo soundtrack
 has always been ridiculous, you know.
 - I've heard you talk about Halo soundtrack
 and describe it as absurdly amazing.
 Like what makes the Halo soundtrack absurdly amazing to you?
 - The composition, the orchestration,
 you know what I mean?
 Everything from the intro to like the moments
 where they're having the talks and stuff like that.
 It just feels good.
 Like the movement of the different progressions
 and stuff like that.
 It fits and it's a perfect taste of what the game is,
 you know?
 - Your song "Flare Ultra",
 it sounds almost like something that you'd hear
 in "TimeSplitters" or "Dynasty Warriors".
 Is that video game color that I hear in your art,
 is that intentional or is that just something I'm hearing?
 - Oh, it's definitely all part of the DNA, man,
 at this point.
 Like I remember there's been a couple of times
 where I'll even talk about it,
 where it's like me and my brother would fight over the TV
 when we were younger,
 because he would wanna watch the Zildjian drum day video
 and I would have Sonic the Hedgehog sitting on,
 like without it on pause.
 And he would think that I was just kind of like sitting there
 like, "Doo, doo, doo."
 But it was like, I was listening to the music
 that was happening because it would feed into that part
 of my brain that was processing melody and harmony
 a lot of the time.
 It's all intertwined in the way I process melody
 and harmony and stuff like that.
 Like I still listen to my old video game soundtracks.
 You know, "Sonic the Hedgehog 3",
 has like the hardest soundtrack to find in the world.
 I don't even think they made a print of that,
 but like, yeah, I still,
 like this is still a big part of my processing.
 This is you guys' sauce right here.
 Let's go.
 Mm.
 Mm.
 Mm.
 I like this.
 You're not just saying that?
 No, I'm serious.
 This is good, man.
 This is real good.
 It's got a vibe, man.
 All right, Thundercat,
 we have a recurring segment on our show
 called "Explain That Gram"
 where we do a deep dive on our guest's Instagram,
 pull interesting pictures that need more context.
 So I'll show you the picture.
 You just tell us the bigger story.
 First things first, naked jam session with Mack DeMarco.
 Was this his idea or yours?
 This was like middle of the tour.
 I think we were in Texas.
 It was hot, I don't know.
 It was just, I think Anderson was on stage
 and we contemplated going out on stage naked too.
 But yeah, it felt like the right time.
 And we just sat there and it was like,
 pulled the guitars out and it was like,
 oh man, this is great.
 You know what would make this even better?
 Just getting butt naked.
 And it was like, that's not a bad idea.
 And the best part,
 I think we were sitting next to a trashcan.
 So it was like two naked bums playing, but it was fun.
 It was fun as hell.
 You know, it's just, we sat there for about an hour,
 just talking about life naked, you know.
 I think he had his hat on.
 What stands out to you
 when you think about meeting Stevie Wonder?
 I think this is at Dave Chappelle's
 dating benefit last year.
 That was a genuinely awesome moment.
 They handed him a mic, you know,
 and I don't think people,
 I don't think people fully realize he's in the room yet.
 So we start playing "All I Do."
 And while we're playing "All I Do,"
 you know, he starts going into the song,
 you know, ♪ All I do ♪
 But you know, it's like, everybody's turning up.
 So it's like, he literally just changed the lyrics
 to like, ♪ Keep on talking shit ♪
 And I was like, what the hell?
 And I was like, I looked at my brother.
 I was like, yo, Stevie is going off right now.
 Again, another one of the better moments in life
 where it's just like, you know,
 realizing Stevie Wonder is a black man from Detroit.
 (laughing)
 Yeah.
 I would be surprised if he always had the pistol on him.
 You know what I'm saying?
 (soft music)
 Mm.
 Mm.
 Mm.
 Very little vinegary.
 - So you get a lot of due credit for your music,
 but one thing that I think goes a little bit under the radar,
 but shouldn't be understated,
 is many of your songs are quite funny.
 Let me ask you this, as someone with a foot in both worlds,
 can you give me a musician who you think could make it
 as a professional comedian,
 and then a professional comedian
 who you think could make it as a professional musician?
 - Okay.
 Immediately, there's two people that come to mind.
 Two musicians, I feel like I always gotta add
 an extra one to it.
 One for sure is Erykah Badu.
 She's like Bugs Bunny.
 Like, she's just out to lunch.
 She's like comedy.
 And the other one that comes to mind,
 and I know we all, I feel like we all would definitely agree
 with this, is Vince Staples.
 Vince Staples is absurdity incarnate.
 To this day, I have yet to find somebody
 that has that amount of observation.
 You know, Dave plays piano.
 He doesn't talk about it a lot.
 You know, and it's one of his favorite things to play
 is like "Round Midnight."
 So I'm always like, anytime he comes in the room,
 I'll try to nudge him into getting into it,
 'cause I know his mind's there, and he's like, "Stop!"
 He's always singing.
 He's always got a tune.
 But yeah, no, I mean, there's many examples.
 Like, one of my favorite ones ever is like Chevy Chase.
 I don't know if you know, his piano skills and singing
 are like stellar.
 You know what I mean?
 It's like he's an amazing pianist and musician.
 Or Jeff Goldblum with the keys.
 He can rip, you know what I mean?
 For real, you know?
 I mean, everybody knows the Steve Martin moment.
 He's like, he's a banjo out of his, you know,
 just (imitates banjo)
 It's a cool dance, man.
 It's nice to see that, you know?
 This look like it's gonna be bomb, too.
 I'm ready. Let's go.
 Okay.
 Mm-hmm.
 That's nice.
 Still at a comfortable level for you?
 I love it.
 It's pretty good.
 I wish the consistency was a little thicker.
 Yeah, that's how you wind up with hot sauce for cologne.
 Damn.
 It's all loose like that.
 You accidentally get it on your neck and, ah,
 it smell like bourbon, habanero, ghost pepper.
 So as I understand it, the only real job that you've ever had
 was working the counter at a comic book shop
 where you were paid half of your wages in store credit.
 Now that you're onto more lucrative endeavors,
 what is like the rarest or most expensive piece
 of superhero memorabilia that you've added to the shelf?
 Ooh.
 It's either the first appearance of Iron Man
 or the first appearance of the Incredible Hulk.
 You kind of wind up having to do battle for pieces like that.
 It's a different type of investment for sure.
 Not everybody notices it, you know,
 because it just looks like a wall full of comics
 and stuff like that.
 It's like, you know, like,
 but every now and again somebody will be like,
 "Wait a minute, is that the first appearance?"
 Like, that's the first appearance, you know?
 And then as a Marvel obsessive,
 what do you think of the MCU movies?
 Are you into those?
 Or is it more just about the comics for "Thundercat"?
 I have my feelings.
 I have my ups and downs about it, you know?
 It's like, they do a lot of meshing
 of weird parts of the comics together, you know?
 I did have my qualms with, like, you know,
 "Avengers Infinity War."
 Where's "Silver Surfer"?
 Like, seriously?
 Where's "Galactus"?
 Nothing?
 I don't get any of that?
 All right, cool.
 The sequencing that they have with, like,
 the fights and stuff like that, like,
 that's, that's like, "Chef's Kiss" is like,
 I watched the Marvel Universe movies to watch those fights.
 They, that's, I couldn't see them played out any better
 than the way they do that.
 And a big shout out to Disney for doing that.
 Because that is the saving grace,
 I feel like a lot of these stories,
 you know, and you get to see them fight,
 and you see Iron Man fight, and, you know what I mean?
 Like, Thor, you know, like, it's everything.
 Captain America and Black Panther,
 the way they show that stuff, I love it.
 I love it, man.
 I genuinely love it.
 Is that part where I have to go to the hospital?
 Yep.
 Mm.
 (dramatic music)
 I like that.
 I recognize that pain.
 Yeah.
 Me too, all too well.
 It's going right along with this year.
 Right along, fits right in there.
 Feels like eating nail polish.
 I'm hiccuping.
 I'm hiccuping, all.
 You're hiccuping?
 I'm hiccuping.
 (dramatic music)
 This is reminding me,
 this is all taking me back to two years ago.
 This is horrible.
 But, it's all right.
 So is everything.
 I hope I stop.
 I don't think I've ever started hiccuping.
 Huh?
 I don't think I've ever started hiccuping
 during one of these.
 And now here I am hiccuping,
 but I'll try to get through this.
 I'm a pro.
 I'm fantastic.
 One of your early gigs was playing alongside
 Suicidal Tendencies, which is one of the seminal
 American hard rock punk groups.
 What were the pros and cons of coming of age
 in that environment as a teenager?
 You know, anything from getting hit in the head
 on stage with a beer bottle to, you know,
 finally loving your life in the bathroom stall.
 I don't know, man.
 I think it was all awesome.
 Other than Eric Abadu,
 I don't think I've ever worked with anybody
 that supported me more than Mike Meir.
 I feel like I learned so much from Mike and Dean and Mike.
 And one of my favorite shows ever,
 one of my favorite shows ever,
 was one of the last shows I did with Suicidal.
 And it was in South America.
 And the lineup was literally
 Mars Volta, Suicidal, and Rage Against the Machine.
 And there's no, it's not a festival.
 It's just the three bands.
 I remember feeling like,
 I felt like I was a part of something.
 That's gonna go through me like a ton of knives.
 I can feel it.
 I can feel it.
 My booty hole is going to,
 it's going to kick my ass.
 My booty hole is gonna kick my ass.
 That's okay though.
 Because it's not okay.
 This is proof that I need therapy.
 - I laughed at you, you're gonna start coughing, man.
 - I know, I caught a pepper, I did.
 You just made me laugh.
 And I caught a pepper flake in the back of my throat.
 It was like,
 eyes popping out of my head and shit.
 - All right, here we go.
 Ooh yeah.
 This is awesome.
 You know, this is just awesome.
 This is everything I dreamed it to be.
 - You having a good time?
 - Yeah, I can taste blood.
 This is great.
 I like that after the bomb too.
 - I think everything's a vacation after the bomb.
 - But it kind of compliments the real garlic,
 the real peppery and garlic thing that the bomb is doing.
 It only adds a little bit of sweetness to it.
 - You really get that pepper.
 It's almost like a bitter apple or something.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 Not too sweet, but just like ever so slightly sweet.
 - Just a smidget sweet, smidget, smidget sweet.
 - Tiniest, tiniest of sweetness.
 - So I'm intrigued by what seems to be a deep
 and abiding love for bowling.
 Even reading in an interview,
 you described bowling's Zen qualities.
 What elevates bowling to a spiritual dimension for you?
 - It started with Austin.
 Me and Austin used to sit and watch the Big Lebowski.
 And by Austin, I'm talking about Austin Peralta.
 He's like a fellow brain feeder artist
 and died at an early age.
 We always used to argue about who was Jeffrey Lebowski
 and who was Walter.
 And when he passed, it kind of like,
 I felt like it became something for me
 to keep connected to who we were, you know?
 So I would just go bowling by myself a lot, you know?
 Like I'd go bowl when the kids were bowling, you know?
 Or like just hang out at the bowling alley
 and then I'd look up and it became a bit
 of a normal thing for me.
 You know, me and Mac would go bowling
 every now and again and stuff.
 You know, somewhere in there for me,
 it became a bit of peace.
 Again, the Big Lebowski is like everything to me.
 You know, it's like, it's,
 it reminds me everything isn't so terrible, you know?
 Ooh, you know, when they put gold on it,
 it means it's, I don't know what gold means anymore.
 It makes fart noises.
 - Thundercat, what a ride it's been.
 - Yeah, man.
 - Cheers. - Yeah.
 Cheers.
 Mm, whoa.
 That's different.
 (upbeat music)
 Very round.
 - Speaking of round, Thundercat,
 I wanna take things completely full circle here on Wing 10
 because I don't know if you remember this.
 Do you remember the first time we met?
 It was at the Comedy Store backstage.
 Do you remember that?
 You were rolling with Hannibal.
 - Was Bill Burr performing that night too?
 - Bill, yep, Bill Burr performed that night.
 It was quite the lineup.
 I think like Tom Segura was the headliner,
 but then at the Comedy Store, it's funny
 'cause people can just start popping in.
 - Yeah, 'cause Hannibal just, he just walked in there.
 He did a little 15 minutes
 or something like that too, right?
 Melanie Camacho, I think was there too
 or something like that.
 - But what stands out to me about that night
 is when I met you, you were like,
 hey dude, guess what?
 I just did the Hot Ones lineup
 as a way to pregame for a concert
 and I just kept running it back
 and running it back and running it back
 and as I understand it, as I understand it,
 you had some problems.
 You were maybe not careful around the eyes all the time.
 I've heard that there might've been a cross pollination issue
 with your butthole even.
 So if you could, now that you've taken on
 the Hot Ones gauntlet for real,
 what do you remember about that first experience?
 - Okay, I think this has gotta be, again,
 one of the funnier moments in life for sure.
 Me and Zach Fox get all hyped up like Beavis and Butt-Head.
 We just do.
 You know, he's seen some of the stuff
 and we figured to kick it up a notch.
 So we got like the five million
 and the nine million Scoville mad dog, you know?
 And I remember seeing Zach running around in circles
 like an episode of Ren and Stimpy
 and he's screaming to the top of his lungs,
 like knocking shit over like a scared cat.
 He's just kicking statues over.
 He's just running, he's sweating.
 He's like, "I can see the linering
 around the dust in the house."
 You know, I think I farted and my butt started itching.
 When I got that five million pepper sauce in my asshole,
 I was like, this is either how real true love feels
 or this is like the edge of death.
 So I'm like, you know, everything from scratching my eyes,
 it's like I've spread it everywhere at this point.
 Like it's like I didn't scratch my eyes.
 I remember I scratched my balls at one point.
 And Zach is completely almost incapacitated
 in a whole nother room.
 And so I'm like, "Yo Zach, you know,
 we're gonna be late for the YG concert."
 I had to went through the whole concert
 with a booty hole feeling like somebody just
 gave me old flame thrower to the ass.
 - Well, I'm happy that you survived
 and I'm happy that you survived today's gauntlet.
 Look at you, Thundercat, taking on Hot Ones this time
 on camera and for real.
 And now there's nothing left to do
 but roll out the red carpet for you, my friend.
 This camera or this camera or whatever you have going on
 at that great replica set, by the way,
 I've failed to mention, but like,
 it looks like you're here in the studio almost.
 Let the people know what you have going on in your life.
 - What I have going on in my life?
 It's a slow process of getting back into it.
 It's been very emotional ride,
 but I am working on some new music
 and farting and not saying, excuse me.
 Having awkward conversations in elevators.
 (clapping)
 - Great job, great job.
 - Hey.
 (burping)
 (growling)
 (farting)
 (farting)
 - Hey, what's going on Hot Ones fans?
 This is Sean Evans checking in to say,
 thank you so much for watching today's episode.
 And I have a very exciting announcement.
 We are in the honey game, baby.
 Say hello to Hot Ones Nugget Honey,
 our sweetest spice yet.
 It's perfect on wings, perfect for dessert,
 perfect in cocktails, perfect on pizza.
 Let me tell you how we make it.
 We take American craft gin made in Vermont with raw honey,
 then infuse it with just the right amount of pepper X.
 Then we blend that spicy gin and American alfalfa honey,
 a delicate, delicious honey that comes from
 the Wind River Valley of Wyoming,
 until we finally have a honey that's delicious
 with just the right amount of kick.
 If you want to get your hands
 in the Hot Ones Nugget Honey, November 19th,
 November 19th, November 19th at heatness.com,
 heatness.com, heatness.com to order.
 It's sweet, it's delicious, it's spicy.
 I say fuck it, get two.
 (rock music)
 (upbeat music)
